Product Name,SKU,dynamic_price,Regular Price,Short Description,Description,Meta Title,Meta Description,Sale Price,Quantity,Weight,Pkg WT %,MRP %,Multiplier,Ship Mult,Discount %,Brand Name,Category,Tag,attribute_name,attribute_value,gallery,thumbnail,meta_image
Mamaearth Deeply Nourishing Body Wash for Babies and Gentle Cleansing Shampoo Combo,NDMA15415,TRUE,448,"A gentle and nourishing combo for babies including body wash and shampoo made with natural ingredients. Cleanses softly, hydrates skin, strengthens hair, and is safe for daily use. Tear-free, toxin-free, and perfect for newborns and sensitive skin.","About this item

Gentle Cleansing for Delicate Skin: Specially formulated body wash and shampoo combo that cleanses without irritation, perfect for newborns and babies with sensitive skin.

Natural & Nourishing Ingredients: Enriched with Aloe Vera, Coconut-based cleansers, and Calendula to hydrate, soothe, and protect your baby’s skin and scalp.

Tear-Free Formula: Designed to keep your baby comfortable and happy during bath time with a mild, no-tears formula that is safe for the eyes.

Chemical-Free & Safe: Made without sulfates, parabens, silicones, mineral oil, or artificial fragrances—ensuring gentle care for your baby.

Soft Skin & Healthy Hair: Helps maintain skin moisture, improves hair texture, and keeps the scalp clean and fresh with every wash.

Dermatologically Tested: Hypoallergenic and pediatrician-approved for daily use on babies.",Mamaearth Baby Body Wash & Shampoo Combo,"Gentle and tear-free Mamaearth baby body wash and shampoo combo with natural ingredients. Nourishes skin, cleanses softly, strengthens hair, and is safe for newborns.",448,1000,400,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Bathing Care","Mamaearth Baby Wash, Mamaearth Shampoo, Baby Bath Combo, Baby Body Wash, Gentle Baby Wash, Tear Free Baby Shampoo, Natural Baby Care, Baby Skincare, Baby Hair Care, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,200 ml (Combo of 2),"mamaearth-deeply-nourishing-body-wash-for-babies-and-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-combo-1.png, mamaearth-deeply-nourishing-body-wash-for-babies-and-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-combo-2.png, mamaearth-deeply-nourishing-body-wash-for-babies-and-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-combo-3.png",mamaearth-deeply-nourishing-body-wash-for-babies-and-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-combo-1.png,mamaearth-deeply-nourishing-body-wash-for-babies-and-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-combo-1.png
Mamaearth Moisturizing Bathing Bar and Gentle Cleansing Shampoo Combo,NDMA15416,TRUE,448,"A gentle baby care combo with moisturizing bathing bars and a mild shampoo. Keeps baby’s skin soft, nourished, and hydrated while cleansing the scalp gently. Tear-free, toxin-free, and perfect for newborns and sensitive skin.","Moisturizing Baby Bathing Bars: Enriched with Shea Butter, Goat Milk, and Oatmeal, these bathing bars deeply moisturize, soothe dryness, and keep baby’s skin soft and supple.

Gentle Cleansing Shampoo: A mild, tear-free shampoo that gently cleanses the scalp while nourishing and strengthening baby’s hair.

Perfect for Sensitive Skin: Designed for newborns and babies with delicate skin, offering gentle cleansing without irritation or dryness.

Natural & Safe Ingredients: Made with plant-based cleansers and natural moisturizers. Free from sulfates, parabens, silicones, mineral oil, and artificial fragrances.

Maintains Skin pH Balance: The bathing bars are pH-balanced to protect the baby's skin barrier and keep it healthy.

Dermatologically Tested: Hypoallergenic, safe, and suitable for daily use on babies of all ages.",Mamaearth Baby Bathing Bar & Shampoo Combo,"Mamaearth moisturizing bathing bar and gentle shampoo combo for babies. Tear-free, natural, and ideal for sensitive skin. Nourishes, hydrates, and cleanses safely.",448,1000,350,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Bathing Care","Mamaearth Baby Combo, Baby Bathing Bar, Baby Shampoo, Gentle Baby Wash, Moisturizing Baby Soap, Tear Free Shampoo, Natural Baby Care, Baby Skincare, Mamaearth Products, Sensitive Skin Baby Care",Pack Size,350 g (Pack of 2),"mamaearth-moisturizing-bathing-bar-and-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-combo-1.png, mamaearth-moisturizing-bathing-bar-and-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-combo-2.png, mamaearth-moisturizing-bathing-bar-and-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-combo-3.png",mamaearth-moisturizing-bathing-bar-and-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-combo-1.png,mamaearth-moisturizing-bathing-bar-and-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-combo-1.png
Mamaearth Gentle Cleansing Shampoo,NDMA15417,TRUE,398,"A mild and tear-free baby shampoo that gently cleanses the scalp while nourishing and strengthening hair. Made with natural ingredients, safe for sensitive skin, and free from toxins, sulfates, and parabens. Perfect for newborns and daily use.","Mild & Gentle Cleansing: Specially designed for babies, this shampoo gently cleanses the scalp without causing irritation or dryness.

Tear-Free Formula: Keeps bath time comfortable with a no-tears formulation that is safe for your baby’s delicate eyes.

Natural & Nourishing Ingredients: Enriched with Coconut-based cleansers, Calendula Extract, and Aloe Vera to soothe, hydrate, and maintain hair softness.

Safe for Sensitive Skin: Hypoallergenic and dermatologically tested, making it perfect for newborns and babies with delicate or sensitive skin.

Free From Harmful Chemicals: Contains no sulfates, parabens, silicones, mineral oil, or artificial fragrances—ensuring safe, toxin-free care.

Soft, Healthy Hair: Keeps baby’s hair soft, smooth, and manageable with every wash.",Mamaearth Gentle Cleansing Baby Shampoo,"Mamaearth Gentle Cleansing Shampoo for babies with tear-free, natural formula. Cleanses softly, nourishes hair, and is perfect for sensitive skin and daily use.",398,1000,400,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Bathing Care","Mamaearth Baby Shampoo, Gentle Cleansing Shampoo, Tear Free Baby Shampoo, Baby Hair Care, Natural Baby Shampoo, Sensitive Skin Baby Care, Baby Bath Essentials, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,200 ml (Pack of 2),"mamaearth-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-1.png, mamaearth-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-2.png, mamaearth-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-3.png",mamaearth-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-1.png,mamaearth-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-1.png
Mamaearth Nourishing Hair Oil for Babies with Almond and Avocado Oil,NDMA15418,TRUE,399,"A gentle, nourishing baby hair oil enriched with Almond and Avocado Oils to strengthen roots, moisturize the scalp, and promote healthy hair growth. Lightweight, non-sticky, and dermatologically tested, making it perfect for newborns and sensitive skin.","Deep Nourishment for Baby Hair: Formulated with Almond and Avocado Oils to nourish the scalp, strengthen hair roots, and improve hair texture naturally.

Promotes Healthy Hair Growth: Rich in vitamins and essential fatty acids that support healthy and soft hair growth in babies.

Lightweight & Non-Sticky: Absorbs easily into the scalp without leaving a greasy feel, making it comfortable for daily baby hair massage.

Safe for Sensitive Skin: Hypoallergenic, dermatologically tested, and suitable for newborns and babies with delicate or sensitive skin.

Natural & Toxin-Free: Made without silicones, mineral oil, parabens, dyes, or artificial fragrance—ensuring gentle and safe care.

Soothes Dry Scalp: Helps reduce dryness and keeps the scalp moisturized and healthy with regular use.",Mamaearth Baby Hair Oil with Almond & Avocado,"Mamaearth Baby Hair Oil with Almond and Avocado nourishes the scalp, strengthens roots, and promotes soft, healthy hair. Non-sticky, natural, and safe for newborns.",399,1000,200,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Hair Care","Mamaearth Baby Hair Oil, Almond Baby Oil, Avocado Baby Oil, Baby Hair Care, Baby Scalp Care, Natural Baby Oil, Nourishing Hair Oil, Baby Massage Oil, Toxin Free Baby Oil, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,200 ml,"mamaearth-nourishing-hair-oil-for-babies-with-almond-and-avocado-oil-1.png, mamaearth-nourishing-hair-oil-for-babies-with-almond-and-avocado-oil-2.png, mamaearth-nourishing-hair-oil-for-babies-with-almond-and-avocado-oil-3.png",mamaearth-nourishing-hair-oil-for-babies-with-almond-and-avocado-oil-1.png,mamaearth-nourishing-hair-oil-for-babies-with-almond-and-avocado-oil-1.png
"Mamaearth Soothing Massage Oil for Babies with Sesame, Almond and Jojoba Oil",NDMA15419,TRUE,399,"A soothing baby massage oil enriched with Sesame, Almond, and Jojoba Oils to nourish skin, strengthen bones, and promote relaxation. Lightweight, non-sticky, and dermatologically tested, it keeps baby’s skin soft, hydrated, and healthy. Perfect for daily massage.","Deep Nourishment for Baby’s Skin: This gentle massage oil blends Sesame, Almond, and Jojoba Oils to deeply nourish, moisturize, and protect delicate baby skin.

Strengthens Bones & Muscles: Sesame and Almond Oils are rich in vitamins and minerals that help support healthy bone and muscle development.

Lightweight & Non-Sticky: Absorbs quickly without leaving a greasy layer, making massage time smooth, comfortable, and soothing for your baby.

Promotes Relaxation & Better Sleep: The calming formula helps relax the baby’s body, making it ideal for bedtime massages to support peaceful sleep.

Safe & Natural Formula: Free from mineral oil, parabens, silicones, artificial fragrances, and other toxins—perfect for newborns and sensitive skin.

Dermatologically Tested: Hypoallergenic and safe for daily use, ensuring your baby’s skin stays soft, supple, and healthy.",Mamaearth Soothing Baby Massage Oil,"Mamaearth Soothing Baby Massage Oil with Sesame, Almond & Jojoba nourishes skin, supports strong bones, and keeps skin soft. Lightweight, natural, and safe for newborns.",399,1000,200,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Oil","Mamaearth Baby Massage Oil, Soothing Baby Oil, Sesame Baby Oil, Almond Baby Oil, Jojoba Baby Oil, Baby Skincare, Natural Baby Oil, Baby Body Care, Toxin Free Baby Oil, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,200 ml,"mamaearth-soothing-massage-oil-for-babies-with-sesame-almond-and-jojoba-oil-1.png, mamaearth-soothing-massage-oil-for-babies-with-sesame-almond-and-jojoba-oil-2.png, mamaearth-soothing-massage-oil-for-babies-with-sesame-almond-and-jojoba-oil-3.png",mamaearth-soothing-massage-oil-for-babies-with-sesame-almond-and-jojoba-oil-1.png,mamaearth-soothing-massage-oil-for-babies-with-sesame-almond-and-jojoba-oil-1.png
Mamaearth Coco Soft Massage Oil with Coconut & Turmeric Oil for Babies,NDMA15420,TRUE,399,"A nourishing baby massage oil enriched with Coconut and Turmeric Oils that hydrates skin, strengthens muscles, and protects naturally. Lightweight, non-sticky, and gentle on sensitive skin. Helps keep baby’s skin soft, supple, and healthy with daily use.","Nourishing Coconut & Turmeric Blend: Formulated with Coconut Oil to moisturize and Turmeric Oil to soothe and protect delicate baby skin naturally.

Strengthens Muscles & Bones: Provides gentle nourishment that supports healthy muscle and bone development during daily massages.

Lightweight & Non-Sticky: Absorbs quickly into the skin without greasiness, ensuring a smooth, comfortable massage every time.

Protects & Hydrates Skin: Keeps the baby’s skin soft, supple, and well-hydrated while helping prevent dryness and irritation.

Safe for Sensitive Skin: Dermatologically tested, hypoallergenic, and perfect for newborns and babies with delicate or sensitive skin.

Toxin-Free & Natural: Free from mineral oil, parabens, silicones, artificial fragrance, and harsh chemicals—safe for everyday use.",Mamaearth Coco Soft Baby Massage Oil,"Mamaearth Coco Soft Massage Oil with Coconut & Turmeric nourishes, hydrates, and protects baby skin. Lightweight, non-sticky, natural, and safe for newborns.",399,1000,200,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Oil","Mamaearth Baby Massage Oil, Coco Soft Oil, Coconut Baby Oil, Turmeric Baby Oil, Baby Skincare, Natural Baby Oil, Massage Oil for Babies, Sensitive Skin Baby Care, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,200 ml,"mamaearth-coco-soft-massage-oil-with-coconut-turmeric-oil-for-babies-1.png, mamaearth-coco-soft-massage-oil-with-coconut-turmeric-oil-for-babies-2.png, mamaearth-coco-soft-massage-oil-with-coconut-turmeric-oil-for-babies-3.png",mamaearth-coco-soft-massage-oil-with-coconut-turmeric-oil-for-babies-1.png,mamaearth-coco-soft-massage-oil-with-coconut-turmeric-oil-for-babies-1.png
Mamaearth Nourishing Hair Oil for babies,NDMA15421,TRUE,299,"A gentle and nourishing baby hair oil enriched with natural oils to moisturize the scalp, strengthen roots, and promote healthy hair growth. Lightweight, non-sticky, dermatologically tested, and perfect for newborns and babies with sensitive skin.","Deeply Nourishes Baby Hair: Specially formulated hair oil that moisturizes the scalp, strengthens roots, and supports soft and healthy hair growth.

Made with Natural Oils: Enriched with a blend of safe, plant-based oils that soothe dryness, protect the scalp, and improve hair texture.

Lightweight & Non-Sticky: Absorbs easily without leaving a greasy feel, making it ideal for daily baby hair massages.

Perfect for Sensitive Skin: Gentle, hypoallergenic formula suitable for newborns and babies with delicate or sensitive skin.

Safe & Toxin-Free: Free from parabens, silicones, mineral oil, artificial fragrance, and other harmful chemicals.

Dermatologically Tested: Designed to be mild, safe, and effective for everyday use on baby hair and scalp.",Mamaearth Nourishing Baby Hair Oil,"Mamaearth Nourishing Hair Oil for babies moisturizes the scalp, strengthens roots, and supports healthy hair growth. Lightweight, gentle, and safe for newborns.",299,1000,100,25,25,1.4,2,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Oil","Mamaearth Baby Hair Oil, Nourishing Hair Oil, Baby Scalp Care, Natural Baby Oil, Baby Hair Care, Gentle Hair Oil, Toxin Free Baby Oil, Baby Massage Oil, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,100 ml,"mamaearth-nourishing-hair-oil-for-babies-1.png, mamaearth-nourishing-hair-oil-for-babies-2.png, mamaearth-nourishing-hair-oil-for-babies-3.png",mamaearth-nourishing-hair-oil-for-babies-1.png,mamaearth-nourishing-hair-oil-for-babies-1.png
Mamaearth Soothing Massage Oil,NDMA15422,TRUE,299,"A gentle, nourishing baby massage oil enriched with natural oils to moisturize skin, strengthen bones, and promote relaxation. Lightweight, non-sticky, and dermatologically tested—perfect for newborns and babies with sensitive skin.","Deep Skin Nourishment: This soothing massage oil is enriched with natural oils that deeply moisturize and nourish delicate baby skin.

Supports Healthy Bones & Muscles: Helps strengthen bones and muscles with regular massage, making it ideal for daily baby care.

Lightweight & Non-Greasy: Absorbs easily without leaving a sticky residue, giving your baby a smooth and comforting massage experience.

Calming & Relaxing: Promotes relaxation and helps prepare your baby for better sleep during bedtime massages.

Safe for Sensitive Skin: Dermatologically tested, hypoallergenic, and suitable for newborns and sensitive skin types.

Toxin-Free Formula: Made without mineral oil, parabens, silicones, artificial fragrances, or harsh chemicals.",Mamaearth Soothing Baby Massage Oil,"Mamaearth Soothing Massage Oil gently nourishes baby skin, strengthens bones, and promotes relaxation. Lightweight, natural, non-sticky, and safe for newborns.",299,1000,100,25,25,1.4,2,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Oil","Mamaearth Massage Oil, Baby Massage Oil, Soothing Baby Oil, Natural Baby Oil, Gentle Baby Care, Baby Skincare, Toxin Free Baby Oil, Baby Body Care, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,100 ml,"mamaearth-soothing-massage-oil-1.png, mamaearth-soothing-massage-oil-2.png, mamaearth-soothing-massage-oil-3.png",mamaearth-soothing-massage-oil-1.png,mamaearth-soothing-massage-oil-1.png
Mamaearth Dusting Powder with Organic Oatmeal and Arrowroot Powder for Babies,NDMA15423,TRUE,349,"A gentle dusting powder for babies made with Organic Oatmeal and Arrowroot Powder to absorb moisture, prevent rashes, and keep skin fresh. Calming, non-talcy, and safe for sensitive skin. Ideal for daily use to keep your baby’s skin dry, soft, and comfortable.","Prevents Rashes & Irritation: Effectively absorbs excess moisture to keep baby’s skin dry and comfortable, helping prevent diaper rashes and skin irritation.

Organic Oatmeal for Soothing Care: Enriched with Organic Oatmeal that calms sensitive skin, reduces redness, and provides gentle nourishment.

Natural Arrowroot Powder: Helps keep the skin soft and smooth while improving moisture balance without clogging pores.

Safe & Talc-Free Formula: Completely free from talc, making it safe for newborns and babies with delicate skin.

Gentle for Daily Use: Dermatologically tested and hypoallergenic, suitable for everyday use on sensitive skin areas.

Toxin-Free & Baby-Safe: Contains no parabens, silicones, artificial fragrances, mineral oil, or harsh chemicals.",Mamaearth Baby Dusting Powder,"Mamaearth Dusting Powder with Organic Oatmeal and Arrowroot keeps baby skin dry, soft, and rash-free. Talc-free, gentle, and perfect for newborns and sensitive skin.",349,1000,300,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Oil","Mamaearth Dusting Powder, Baby Powder, Talc Free Baby Powder, Oatmeal Baby Powder, Arrowroot Baby Powder, Baby Skincare, Rash Prevention Powder, Natural Baby Care, Sensitive Skin Baby Powder, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,300 g,"mamaearth-dusting-powder-with-organic-oatmeal-and-arrowroot-powder-for-babies-1.png, mamaearth-dusting-powder-with-organic-oatmeal-and-arrowroot-powder-for-babies-2.png, mamaearth-dusting-powder-with-organic-oatmeal-and-arrowroot-powder-for-babies-3.png",mamaearth-dusting-powder-with-organic-oatmeal-and-arrowroot-powder-for-babies-1.png,mamaearth-dusting-powder-with-organic-oatmeal-and-arrowroot-powder-for-babies-1.png
Mamaearth Dusting Powder for Babies,NDMA15424,TRUE,199,"A gentle, talc-free baby dusting powder that absorbs moisture, prevents rashes, and keeps skin dry and soft. Enriched with natural ingredients, it soothes irritation and is safe for newborns and sensitive skin. Ideal for daily freshness and comfort.","Prevents Diaper Rashes & Irritation: Helps keep baby’s skin dry by absorbing excess moisture, reducing the chances of rashes and discomfort.

Safe Talc-Free Formula: Made without talc, ensuring safer and gentler protection for newborns and sensitive skin.

Soothes Delicate Skin: Enriched with natural soothing ingredients that calm redness, irritation, and itchiness.

Keeps Skin Fresh & Soft: Maintains long-lasting freshness while making the skin feel soft, smooth, and comfortable.

Dermatologically Tested: Hypoallergenic and safe for daily use on babies of all ages.

Free From Toxins: Contains no parabens, mineral oil, silicones, artificial fragrances, or harsh chemicals.",Mamaearth Baby Dusting Powder,"Mamaearth Dusting Powder for babies absorbs moisture, prevents rashes, and keeps skin soft. Talc-free, gentle, and safe for newborns and sensitive skin.",199,1000,180,25,25,2,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care","Mamaearth Dusting Powder, Baby Powder, Talc Free Baby Powder, Baby Rash Prevention, Natural Baby Powder, Baby Skincare, Sensitive Skin Baby Care, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,150 g,"mamaearth-dusting-powder-for-babies-1.png, mamaearth-dusting-powder-for-babies-2.png, mamaearth-dusting-powder-for-babies-3.png",mamaearth-dusting-powder-for-babies-1.png,mamaearth-dusting-powder-for-babies-1.png
Mamaearth 100% Natural Berry Blast Toothpaste for Kids,NDMA15425,TRUE,149,"A 100% natural kids’ toothpaste with a tasty Berry Blast flavor that gently cleans teeth, removes plaque, and strengthens gums. Fluoride-free, safe if swallowed, and ideal for children learning to brush. Made with natural ingredients and non-toxic formula.","100% Natural Formula: Made with safe, natural ingredients that gently clean teeth and help maintain healthy gums, ideal for young children.

Delicious Berry Blast Flavor: Kid-approved fruity taste makes brushing fun and encourages healthy oral care habits.

Fluoride & SLS-Free: Completely free from fluoride, SLS, parabens, artificial colors, and harsh chemicals—safe even if accidentally swallowed.

Gently Removes Plaque: Effectively removes plaque and food particles while being gentle on developing teeth and gums.

Strengthens Gums Naturally: Enriched with plant-based ingredients that help support gum strength and overall oral health.

Safe for Ages 0–10: Dermatologically tested and pediatrician recommended, perfect for toddlers and growing kids.",Mamaearth Berry Blast Kids Toothpaste,"Mamaearth 100% Natural Berry Blast Toothpaste for kids. Fluoride-free, safe if swallowed, gently cleans teeth, removes plaque, and makes brushing fun with fruity flavor.",149,1000,50,25,25,2,2.5,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care","Mamaearth 100% Natural Berry Blast Toothpaste for kids. Fluoride-free, safe if swallowed, gently cleans teeth, removes plaque, and makes brushing fun with fruity flavor.",Pack Size,50 g,"mamaearth-100-natural-berry-blast-toothpaste-for-kids-1.png, mamaearth-100-natural-berry-blast-toothpaste-for-kids-2.png, mamaearth-100-natural-berry-blast-toothpaste-for-kids-3.png",mamaearth-100-natural-berry-blast-toothpaste-for-kids-1.png,mamaearth-100-natural-berry-blast-toothpaste-for-kids-1.png
"Mamaearth Milky Soft Natural Lip Balm for Babies with Oats, Milk & Calendula",NDMA15426,TRUE,199,"A gentle, natural lip balm for babies enriched with Oats, Milk, and Calendula to heal dryness, moisturize lips, and protect delicate skin. Safe, toxin-free, and perfect for newborns and sensitive baby lips. Keeps lips soft, smooth, and nourished all day.","Deep Moisturization for Baby Lips: Enriched with nourishing Oats, Milk Protein, and Calendula to soothe, hydrate, and protect delicate baby lips.

Heals Dry & Chapped Lips: Provides long-lasting moisture to repair dryness and keep lips soft and supple.

Safe for Sensitive Skin: Gentle, hypoallergenic formula designed specifically for newborns and babies with delicate lips.

Natural & Toxin-Free: Free from parabens, mineral oil, artificial fragrances, petroleum jelly, and harsh chemicals—safe even if accidentally licked.

Lightweight & Non-Sticky: Smooth, soft texture that glides easily and absorbs quickly without feeling greasy.

Daily Protection: Shields baby lips from dryness caused by weather changes, drooling, and dehydration.",Mamaearth Milky Soft Baby Lip Balm,,199,1000,4,25,25,2,20,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Oral Care","Mamaearth Baby Lip Balm, Milky Soft Lip Balm, Natural Baby Lip Care, Baby Lip Moisturizer, Calendula Lip Balm, Oats Lip Balm, Baby Skincare, Toxin Free Baby Care, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,4 g,"mamaearth-milky-soft-natural-lip-balm-for-babies-with-oats-milk-calendula-1.png, mamaearth-milky-soft-natural-lip-balm-for-babies-with-oats-milk-calendula-2.png, mamaearth-milky-soft-natural-lip-balm-for-babies-with-oats-milk-calendula-3.png",mamaearth-milky-soft-natural-lip-balm-for-babies-with-oats-milk-calendula-1.png,mamaearth-milky-soft-natural-lip-balm-for-babies-with-oats-milk-calendula-1.png
Mamaearth Fruit Punch Toothpaste,NDMA15427,TRUE,149,"A kid-friendly toothpaste with a fun Fruit Punch flavor that gently cleans teeth, removes plaque, and promotes healthy gums. Fluoride-free, SLS-free, and safe if swallowed. Perfect for kids learning to brush and made with natural, toxin-free ingredients.","Yummy Fruit Punch Flavor: Delicious fruity taste makes brushing fun and encourages kids to build healthy oral care habits.

Gentle & Safe Formula: Made with natural, toxin-free ingredients that clean gently without harming developing teeth or gums.

Fluoride & SLS-Free: Completely free from fluoride, SLS, parabens, artificial colors, and harsh chemicals—safe even if swallowed.

Removes Plaque Effectively: Helps eliminate plaque, food residues, and bacteria while being gentle on sensitive gums.

Promotes Strong Teeth & Gums: Enriched with natural actives that support gum health and maintain clean, healthy teeth.

Kid-Safe & Dermatologically Tested: Suitable for toddlers and children, making brushing easy and enjoyable every day.",Mamaearth Fruit Punch Kids Toothpaste,Mamaearth Fruit Punch Kids Toothpaste,149,1000,50,25,25,2,2.5,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care","Mamaearth Kids Toothpaste, Fruit Punch Toothpaste, Natural Kids Toothpaste, Fluoride Free Toothpaste, Toddler Toothpaste, Kids Oral Care, Safe Kids Toothpaste, Baby Toothpaste, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,50 g,"mamaearth-fruit-punch-toothpaste-1.png, mamaearth-fruit-punch-toothpaste-2.png, mamaearth-fruit-punch-toothpaste-3.png",mamaearth-fruit-punch-toothpaste-1.png,mamaearth-fruit-punch-toothpaste-1.png
Mamaearth Sulfate Free Awesome Orange Toothpaste For Kids With Fluoride,NDMA15428,TRUE,149,"A kid-friendly toothpaste with a refreshing orange flavor that gently cleans teeth, prevents cavities with fluoride, and supports strong enamel. Sulfate-free, safe, and ideal for daily use. Makes brushing fun while protecting growing teeth and gums.","Refreshing Orange Flavor: Tasty orange flavor makes brushing enjoyable for kids, encouraging healthy brushing habits every day.

Fluoride for Cavity Protection: Contains safe levels of fluoride that help prevent cavities, strengthen enamel, and protect growing teeth.

Sulfate-Free Formula: Free from SLS/SLES, ensuring gentle cleansing without irritating sensitive gums or damaging enamel.

Gently Removes Plaque: Effectively removes plaque, food particles, and bacteria while being gentle on developing teeth.

Safe for Daily Use: Designed for kids above 3 years, offering balanced protection and a fun brushing experience.

Toxin-Free & Natural Actives: Free from parabens, artificial colors, harsh chemicals, and other harmful additives.",Mamaearth Awesome Orange Kids Toothpaste,"Mamaearth Sulfate Free Awesome Orange Toothpaste for kids with fluoride protects against cavities, strengthens enamel, and makes brushing fun with its tasty orange flavor.",149,1000,50,25,25,2,2.5,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Oral Care","Mamaearth Kids Toothpaste, Awesome Orange Toothpaste, Fluoride Kids Toothpaste, Sulfate Free Toothpaste, Natural Kids Toothpaste, Kids Oral Care, Toddler Toothpaste, Enamel Protection Toothpaste, Safe Kids Toothpaste, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,50 g,"mamaearth-sulfate-free-awesome-orange-toothpaste-for-kids-with-fluoride-1.png, mamaearth-sulfate-free-awesome-orange-toothpaste-for-kids-with-fluoride-2.png, mamaearth-sulfate-free-awesome-orange-toothpaste-for-kids-with-fluoride-3.png",mamaearth-sulfate-free-awesome-orange-toothpaste-for-kids-with-fluoride-1.png,mamaearth-sulfate-free-awesome-orange-toothpaste-for-kids-with-fluoride-1.png
Mamaearth Deeply Nourishing Body Wash for babies,NDMA15429,TRUE,399,"A gentle and nourishing baby body wash enriched with natural ingredients to cleanse, hydrate, and protect delicate skin. Tear-free, pH-balanced, and safe for newborns. Keeps baby’s skin soft, smooth, and moisturized after every bath.","Gentle & Nourishing Cleanser: Specially formulated for babies to gently cleanse without stripping natural moisture, keeping delicate skin soft and fresh.

Natural & Safe Ingredients: Enriched with Aloe Vera, Calendula, and Coconut-based cleansers that soothe, hydrate, and protect baby skin.

Tear-Free Formula: Designed to be mild on the eyes, ensuring a happy and comfortable bath time for your little one.

Maintains Skin Moisture: Helps retain natural moisture and prevents dryness, making it ideal for sensitive and delicate skin.

Dermatologically Tested: Hypoallergenic and safe for newborns, toddlers, and kids with sensitive skin.

Toxin-Free & Gentle: Free from sulfates, parabens, silicones, mineral oil, and artificial fragrances—100% baby-safe formulation.",,Mamaearth Deeply Nourishing Baby Body Wash,399,1000,400,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Oral Care","Mamaearth Baby Body Wash, Deeply Nourishing Body Wash, Baby Bath Wash, Natural Baby Wash, Tear Free Body Wash, Sensitive Skin Baby Care, Baby Skincare, Gentle Baby Wash, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,400 ml,"mamaearth-deeply-nourishing-body-wash-for-babies-1.png, mamaearth-deeply-nourishing-body-wash-for-babies-2.png, mamaearth-deeply-nourishing-body-wash-for-babies-3.png",mamaearth-deeply-nourishing-body-wash-for-babies-1.png,mamaearth-deeply-nourishing-body-wash-for-babies-1.png
Mamaearth Coco Soft Body Wash For Babies With Coconut Milk & Turmeric,NDMA15430,TRUE,449,"A gentle baby body wash enriched with Coconut Milk and Turmeric to cleanse, nourish, and protect delicate skin. Tear-free, pH-balanced, and moisturizing. Keeps baby’s skin soft, smooth, and healthy while being safe for newborns and sensitive skin.","Gentle Nourishing Cleanser: Formulated with Coconut Milk to deeply moisturize delicate baby skin while cleansing gently.

Turmeric for Natural Protection: Turmeric helps soothe, calm, and protect baby skin from dryness and irritation.

Tear-Free Formula: Mild and gentle on the eyes, ensuring a comfortable and happy bath time experience.

Hydrates & Softens Skin: Restores moisture and keeps skin soft, smooth, and nourished after every wash.

Perfect for Sensitive Skin: pH-balanced, hypoallergenic, and dermatologically tested—safe for newborns and babies with delicate skin.

Toxin-Free & Baby Safe: Free from sulfates, parabens, silicones, mineral oil, and artificial fragrances for gentle daily care.",Mamaearth Coco Soft Baby Body Wash,"Mamaearth Coco Soft Body Wash with Coconut Milk & Turmeric gently cleanses, hydrates, and protects baby skin. Tear-free, pH-balanced, and safe for newborns.",449,1000,400,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Bathing Care","Mamaearth Coco Soft Body Wash, Baby Body Wash, Coconut Milk Baby Wash, Turmeric Baby Wash, Gentle Baby Wash, Tear Free Body Wash, Baby Bath Essentials, Natural Baby Wash, Sensitive Skin Baby Care, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,400 ml,"mamaearth-coco-soft-body-wash-for-babies-with-coconut-milk-turmeric-1.png, mamaearth-coco-soft-body-wash-for-babies-with-coconut-milk-turmeric-2.png, mamaearth-coco-soft-body-wash-for-babies-with-coconut-milk-turmeric-3.png",mamaearth-coco-soft-body-wash-for-babies-with-coconut-milk-turmeric-1.png,mamaearth-coco-soft-body-wash-for-babies-with-coconut-milk-turmeric-1.png
"Mamaearth Milky Soft Body Wash for Babies with Oats, Milk and Calendula",NDMA15431,TRUE,449,"A gentle, nourishing baby body wash with Oats, Milk, and Calendula that cleanses softly while hydrating and soothing delicate skin. Tear-free, pH-balanced, and perfect for newborns and sensitive skin. Keeps baby’s skin soft, smooth, and moisturized.","Soft & Gentle Cleansing: Formulated to gently cleanse delicate baby skin without stripping natural moisture, leaving it soft and refreshed.

Oats for Soothing Care: Enriched with Oats that calm irritation, soothe dryness, and help maintain skin comfort.

Milk for Deep Hydration: Milk nourishes and hydrates the skin, keeping it soft, supple, and healthy after every bath.

Calendula for Skin Protection: Calendula helps soothe sensitive skin, reduces redness, and supports natural healing.

Tear-Free & Safe Formula: Mild, tear-free body wash crafted to make bath time comforting and enjoyable for babies.

Dermatologically Tested: Hypoallergenic, pH-balanced, and perfectly safe for newborns and babies with sensitive skin.

Free From Harsh Chemicals: No sulfates, parabens, silicones, mineral oil, or artificial fragrances—100% gentle and baby-safe.",Mamaearth Milky Soft Baby Body Wash,"Mamaearth Milky Soft Body Wash with Oats, Milk & Calendula gently cleanses, hydrates, and soothes baby skin. Tear-free, pH-balanced, and safe for newborns.",449,1000,400,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Bathing Care","Mamaearth Milky Soft Body Wash, Baby Body Wash, Oats Baby Wash, Milk Baby Wash, Calendula Baby Wash, Gentle Baby Wash, Tear Free Baby Wash, Natural Baby Care, Sensitive Skin Baby Wash, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,400 ml,"mamaearth-milky-soft-body-wash-for-babies-with-oats-milk-and-calendula-1.png, mamaearth-milky-soft-body-wash-for-babies-with-oats-milk-and-calendula-2.png, mamaearth-milky-soft-body-wash-for-babies-with-oats-milk-and-calendula-3.png",mamaearth-milky-soft-body-wash-for-babies-with-oats-milk-and-calendula-1.png,mamaearth-milky-soft-body-wash-for-babies-with-oats-milk-and-calendula-1.png
Mamaearth Nourishing Bathing Bar Soap For Kids,NDMA15432,TRUE,499,"A gentle and nourishing bathing bar for kids enriched with natural moisturizers to keep skin soft, smooth, and hydrated. Tear-free, pH-balanced, and safe for daily use. Ideal for sensitive skin, leaving your child’s skin fresh, clean, and healthy.","Gentle Cleansing for Kids: Specially crafted bathing bar that cleanses gently without stripping natural oils, keeping children’s skin soft and healthy.

Nourishing & Moisturizing: Enriched with natural ingredients that hydrate and nourish the skin, preventing dryness and irritation.

pH-Balanced Formula: Maintains the skin’s natural pH level, making it ideal for sensitive and delicate skin.

Safe for Daily Use: Mild, tear-free formulation ensures safe, comfortable bathing for toddlers and growing kids.

Free from Harsh Chemicals: Contains no parabens, sulfates, silicones, mineral oil, or artificial fragrances—100% kid-safe.

Dermatologically Tested: Hypoallergenic and suitable for everyday use on all skin types.",Mamaearth Nourishing Bathing Bar for Kids,"Mamaearth Nourishing Bathing Bar for kids cleanses gently, keeps skin soft and hydrated, and is pH-balanced, natural, and safe for daily use on sensitive skin.",499,1000,375,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Bathing Care","Mamaearth Bathing Bar, Kids Bath Soap, Nourishing Kids Soap, Natural Kids Bathing Bar, Gentle Kids Soap, Sensitive Skin Soap, Baby Bath Essentials, Kids Skincare, Toxin Free Kids Soap, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,75 g (Pack of 5),"mamaearth-nourishing-bathing-bar-soap-for-kids-1.png, mamaearth-nourishing-bathing-bar-soap-for-kids-2.png, mamaearth-nourishing-bathing-bar-soap-for-kids-3.png",mamaearth-nourishing-bathing-bar-soap-for-kids-1.png,mamaearth-nourishing-bathing-bar-soap-for-kids-1.png
Mamaearth Foaming Face Wash For Kids With Aloe Vera & Coconut For Gentle Cleansing,NDMA15433,TRUE,349,"A gentle foaming face wash for kids enriched with Aloe Vera and Coconut to cleanse dirt, oil, and impurities without drying the skin. Tear-free, pH-balanced, and ideal for sensitive skin. Keeps children’s skin fresh, soft, and hydrated with every wash.","Gentle Foaming Cleanser: Soft foam formula removes dirt, excess oil, and impurities without stripping moisture, making it perfect for kids’ delicate skin.

Aloe Vera for Hydration: Enriched with Aloe Vera that soothes, hydrates, and keeps the skin soft and refreshed.

Coconut for Nourishing Care: Coconut-based cleansers provide gentle yet effective cleansing without irritation.

Tear-Free & Safe Formula: Mild and gentle on the eyes, ensuring a comfortable and enjoyable cleansing experience for kids.

Perfect for Sensitive Skin: pH-balanced, hypoallergenic, and dermatologically tested—safe for daily use on all skin types.

Toxin-Free & Natural: Free from parabens, sulfates, silicones, mineral oil, and artificial fragrances for gentle and safe everyday care.",Mamaearth Kids Foaming Face Wash,"Mamaearth Foaming Face Wash for kids with Aloe Vera & Coconut cleans gently, hydrates skin, and is tear-free, pH-balanced, and perfect for sensitive skin",349,1000,150,25,25,1.4,1.6,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Bathing Care","Mamaearth Kids Face Wash, Foaming Face Wash, Aloe Vera Face Wash Kids, Coconut Kids Face Wash, Gentle Kids Cleanser, Tear Free Face Wash, Natural Kids Skincare, Sensitive Skin Kids Wash, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,150 ml,"mamaearth-foaming-face-wash-for-kids-with-aloe-vera-coconut-for-gentle-cleansing-1.png, mamaearth-foaming-face-wash-for-kids-with-aloe-vera-coconut-for-gentle-cleansing-2.png, mamaearth-foaming-face-wash-for-kids-with-aloe-vera-coconut-for-gentle-cleansing-3.png",mamaearth-foaming-face-wash-for-kids-with-aloe-vera-coconut-for-gentle-cleansing-1.png,mamaearth-foaming-face-wash-for-kids-with-aloe-vera-coconut-for-gentle-cleansing-1.png
Mamaearth Super Strawberry Body Wash for Kids with Strawberry and Oat Protein,NDMA15434,TRUE,299,"A fun and gentle body wash for kids enriched with Strawberry and Oat Protein to cleanse, moisturize, and nourish delicate skin. Tear-free, pH-balanced, and dermatologically tested. Keeps kids’ skin soft, fresh, and hydrated with a fruity strawberry fragrance.","Fun Strawberry Fragrance: Delicious strawberry aroma makes bath time enjoyable while cleansing gently and refreshing the skin.

Enriched with Oat Protein: Oat Protein nourishes and soothes delicate skin, helping maintain long-lasting softness and hydration.

Gentle & Tear-Free Formula: Mild, tear-free body wash designed to clean without irritating sensitive skin or eyes.

Maintains Skin Moisture: Coconut-based cleansers ensure gentle cleaning while preserving natural moisture.

Perfect for Kids’ Sensitive Skin: pH-balanced, hypoallergenic, and dermatologically tested for safe daily use.

Toxin-Free & Safe: Free from sulfates, parabens, mineral oil, silicones, and artificial fragrances—ideal for gentle everyday care.",Mamaearth Super Strawberry Body Wash Kids,"Mamaearth Super Strawberry Body Wash for kids cleanses gently with Strawberry & Oat Protein. Tear-free, moisturizing, pH-balanced, and perfect for sensitive skin.",299,1000,300,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care","Mamaearth Kids Body Wash, Super Strawberry Body Wash, Strawberry Kids Wash, Oat Protein Body Wash, Gentle Kids Cleanser, Tear Free Body Wash, Natural Kids Skincare, Kids Bath Essentials, Sensitive Skin Kids Wash, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,300 ml,"mamaearth-super-strawberry-body-wash-for-kids-with-strawberry-and-oat-protein-1.png, mamaearth-super-strawberry-body-wash-for-kids-with-strawberry-and-oat-protein-2.png, mamaearth-super-strawberry-body-wash-for-kids-with-strawberry-and-oat-protein-3.png",mamaearth-super-strawberry-body-wash-for-kids-with-strawberry-and-oat-protein-1.png,mamaearth-super-strawberry-body-wash-for-kids-with-strawberry-and-oat-protein-1.png
Mamaearth Coco Soft Bathing Bar for Babies with Coconut Oil & Turmeric for Babies,NDMA15435,TRUE,249,"A gentle bathing bar for babies enriched with Coconut Oil and Turmeric to nourish, hydrate, and protect delicate skin. Tear-free, pH-balanced, and safe for newborns. Keeps baby’s skin soft, smooth, and healthy with natural, toxin-free ingredients.","Gentle Nourishing Cleanser: Made with Coconut Oil to deeply moisturize and nourish your baby’s delicate skin without drying it out.

Turmeric for Skin Protection: Turmeric helps soothe irritation, calm sensitive skin, and protect it from environmental damage naturally.

Soft & Moisturizing Formula: Keeps the skin soft, smooth, and hydrated after every bath, perfect for babies with dry or sensitive skin.

pH-Balanced & Mild: Designed to maintain natural skin balance, making it suitable for newborns and daily use.

Tear-Free & Safe: Gentle formula that is easy on the eyes and safe for little ones.

Free from Toxins: Contains no sulfates, parabens, silicones, mineral oil, artificial fragrances, or harsh chemicals—100% baby-safe.

Dermatologically Tested: Hypoallergenic and suitable for sensitive, delicate skin.",Mamaearth Coco Soft Baby Bathing Bar,"Mamaearth Coco Soft Bathing Bar for babies with Coconut Oil & Turmeric gently cleanses, hydrates, and protects delicate skin. pH-balanced, tear-free, and safe for newborns.",249,1000,150,25,25,1.4,1.6,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Bathing Care","Mamaearth Coco Soft Bathing Bar for babies with Coconut Oil & Turmeric gently cleanses, hydrates, and protects delicate skin. pH-balanced, tear-free, and safe for newborns.",Pack Size,75 g (Pack of 2),"mamaearth-coco-soft-bathing-bar-for-babies-with-coconut-oil-turmeric-for-babies-1.png, mamaearth-coco-soft-bathing-bar-for-babies-with-coconut-oil-turmeric-for-babies-2.png, mamaearth-coco-soft-bathing-bar-for-babies-with-coconut-oil-turmeric-for-babies-3.png",mamaearth-coco-soft-bathing-bar-for-babies-with-coconut-oil-turmeric-for-babies-1.png,mamaearth-coco-soft-bathing-bar-for-babies-with-coconut-oil-turmeric-for-babies-1.png
Mamaearth Moisturizing Bathing Bar Soap For Babies,NDMA15436,TRUE,483,"A gentle moisturizing bathing bar for babies enriched with natural oils to nourish, soothe, and protect delicate skin. pH-balanced, tear-free, and perfect for newborns and sensitive skin. Keeps baby’s skin soft, smooth, and hydrated all day.","Gentle Moisturizing Cleanser: Specially crafted for babies to cleanse smoothly without stripping natural moisture, keeping skin soft and hydrated.

Enriched with Natural Oils: Contains nourishing and soothing ingredients that moisturize and protect delicate skin.

Perfect for Dry & Sensitive Skin: Helps reduce dryness and irritation, making it suitable for newborns and babies with sensitive skin.

pH-Balanced & Mild: Designed to maintain the skin’s natural pH level, ensuring gentle and safe cleansing every day.

Tear-Free Formula: Mild and safe for little ones, making bath time easy and comfortable.

Free from Harsh Chemicals: No sulfates, parabens, silicones, mineral oil, or artificial fragrances—100% toxin-free and baby-safe.

Dermatologically Tested: Hypoallergenic and suitable for daily use on all skin types.",Mamaearth Moisturizing Baby Bathing Bar,"Mamaearth Moisturizing Baby Bathing BarMamaearth Moisturizing Bathing Bar for babies gently cleanses, hydrates, and protects delicate skin. pH-balanced, natural, tear-free, and perfect for sensitive skin.",483,1000,300,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Bathing Care","Mamaearth Baby Bathing Bar, Moisturizing Baby Soap, Gentle Baby Soap, Natural Baby Bath Bar, Sensitive Skin Baby Soap, Tear Free Baby Soap, Baby Skincare, Toxin Free Baby Soap, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,75 g (Pack of 4),"mamaearth-moisturizing-bathing-bar-soap-for-babies-1.png, mamaearth-moisturizing-bathing-bar-soap-for-babies-2.png, mamaearth-moisturizing-bathing-bar-soap-for-babies-3.png",mamaearth-moisturizing-bathing-bar-soap-for-babies-1.png,mamaearth-moisturizing-bathing-bar-soap-for-babies-1.png
Mamaearth Moisturizing Bathing Bar Soap For Babies,NDMA15437,TRUE,249,"A gentle moisturizing bathing bar for babies enriched with natural oils to nourish, soothe, and protect delicate skin. pH-balanced, tear-free, and perfect for newborns and sensitive skin. Keeps baby’s skin soft, smooth, and hydrated all day.","Gentle Moisturizing Cleanser: Specially crafted for babies to cleanse smoothly without stripping natural moisture, keeping skin soft and hydrated.

Enriched with Natural Oils: Contains nourishing and soothing ingredients that moisturize and protect delicate skin.

Perfect for Dry & Sensitive Skin: Helps reduce dryness and irritation, making it suitable for newborns and babies with sensitive skin.

pH-Balanced & Mild: Designed to maintain the skin’s natural pH level, ensuring gentle and safe cleansing every day.

Tear-Free Formula: Mild and safe for little ones, making bath time easy and comfortable.

Free from Harsh Chemicals: No sulfates, parabens, silicones, mineral oil, or artificial fragrances—100% toxin-free and baby-safe.

Dermatologically Tested: Hypoallergenic and suitable for daily use on all skin types.",Mamaearth Moisturizing Baby Bathing Bar,"Mamaearth Moisturizing Bathing Bar for babies gently cleanses, hydrates, and protects delicate skin. pH-balanced, natural, tear-free, and perfect for sensitive skin.",249,1000,150,25,25,1.4,1.6,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Bathing Care","Mamaearth Baby Bathing Bar, Moisturizing Baby Soap, Gentle Baby Soap, Natural Baby Bath Bar, Sensitive Skin Baby Soap, Tear Free Baby Soap, Baby Skincare, Toxin Free Baby Soap, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,75 g (Pack of 2),"mamaearth-moisturizing-bathing-bar-soap-for-babies-1.png, mamaearth-moisturizing-bathing-bar-soap-for-babies-2.png, mamaearth-moisturizing-bathing-bar-soap-for-babies-3.png",mamaearth-moisturizing-bathing-bar-soap-for-babies-1.png,mamaearth-moisturizing-bathing-bar-soap-for-babies-1.png
Mamaearth Deeply Nourishing Body Wash For Babies,NDMA15438,TRUE,199,"A gentle, hydrating baby body wash enriched with natural cleansers to nourish, soothe, and protect delicate skin. Tear-free, pH-balanced, and safe for newborns. Keeps your baby’s skin soft, smooth, and moisturized after every bath.","Gentle & Nourishing Cleanser: Formulated to cleanse delicate baby skin without causing dryness, leaving it soft, fresh, and moisturized.

Enriched with Natural Ingredients: Contains Aloe Vera, Calendula, and Coconut-based cleansers that hydrate, soothe, and protect sensitive skin.

Tear-Free Formula: Mild, gentle, and safe for the eyes—making bath time comfortable and enjoyable for babies.

Hydrates & Maintains Moisture: Helps retain skin moisture and prevents dryness, ideal for newborns and daily use.

Dermatologically Tested: Hypoallergenic, pH-balanced, and suitable for babies with extremely sensitive skin.

Toxin-Free & Safe: Free from parabens, sulfates, silicones, mineral oil, synthetic fragrances, and harsh chemicals.",Mamaearth Deeply Nourishing Baby Body Wash,Mamaearth Deeply Nourishing Baby Body Wash,199,1000,200,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Bathing Care","Mamaearth Baby Body Wash, Deeply Nourishing Body Wash, Baby Bath Wash, Natural Baby Wash, Tear Free Body Wash, Gentle Baby Cleanser, Sensitive Skin Baby Care, Baby Skincare, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,200 ml,"mamaearth-deeply-nourishing-body-wash-for-babies-1.png, mamaearth-deeply-nourishing-body-wash-for-babies-2.png, mamaearth-deeply-nourishing-body-wash-for-babies-3.png",mamaearth-deeply-nourishing-body-wash-for-babies-1.png,mamaearth-deeply-nourishing-body-wash-for-babies-1.png
"Mamaearth Milky Soft Bathing Bar for Babies with Oats, Milk and Calendula",NDMA15439,TRUE,249,"A gentle bathing bar for babies enriched with Oats, Milk, and Calendula to cleanse, moisturize, and soothe delicate skin. pH-balanced, tear-free, and safe for newborns. Keeps baby’s skin soft, smooth, and nourished with every bath.","Soft & Gentle Cleansing: Mild formula that cleanses delicate baby skin without stripping natural moisture, making it ideal for everyday use.

Oats for Soothing Relief: Oats help calm irritation, reduce dryness, and maintain skin comfort for sensitive baby skin.

Milk for Deep Moisturization: Milk nourishes and hydrates, leaving the skin soft, smooth, and healthy after each bath.

Calendula for Skin Protection: Calendula helps soothe, heal, and protect the skin from redness, irritation, and dryness.

pH-Balanced & Mild: Designed to maintain the natural pH balance, safe for newborns and babies with sensitive skin.

Tear-Free & Baby Safe: Gentle on eyes and crafted for a comfortable bathing experience.

Free from Harsh Chemicals: No parabens, sulfates, silicones, mineral oil, or synthetic fragrances—100% safe and toxin-free.",Mamaearth Milky Soft Baby Bathing Bar,"Mamaearth Milky Soft Bathing Bar with Oats, Milk & Calendula gently cleanses, moisturizes, and soothes delicate baby skin. pH-balanced, tear-free, and safe for newborns.",249,1000,150,25,25,1.4,1.6,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Bathing Care","Mamaearth Milky Soft Bathing Bar, Baby Bathing Bar, Oats Baby Soap, Milk Baby Soap, Calendula Baby Soap, Gentle Baby Soap, Sensitive Skin Baby Care, Natural Baby Bath Bar, Baby Skincare, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,75 g (Pack of 2),"mamaearth-milky-soft-bathing-bar-for-babies-with-oats-milk-and-calendula-1.png, mamaearth-milky-soft-bathing-bar-for-babies-with-oats-milk-and-calendula-2.png, mamaearth-milky-soft-bathing-bar-for-babies-with-oats-milk-and-calendula-3.png",mamaearth-milky-soft-bathing-bar-for-babies-with-oats-milk-and-calendula-1.png,mamaearth-milky-soft-bathing-bar-for-babies-with-oats-milk-and-calendula-1.png
Mamaearth Original Orange Body Wash For Kids with Orange and Oat Protein,NDMA15440,TRUE,299,"A refreshing kids’ body wash with Orange and Oat Protein that gently cleanses, hydrates, and nourishes delicate skin. Tear-free, pH-balanced, and dermatologically tested. Keeps skin soft, fresh, and energized with a fun fruity fragrance.","Refreshing Orange Fragrance: Infused with a vibrant orange scent that makes bath time fun and energizing for kids.

Oat Protein for Nourishment: Oat Protein soothes and moisturizes delicate skin, leaving it soft, smooth, and healthy.

Gentle Tear-Free Formula: Mild and safe for kids’ eyes, ensuring a comfortable and happy bathing experience.

Hydrates & Protects Skin: Cleans without stripping natural oils and helps maintain moisture, ideal for sensitive skin.

Perfect for Daily Use: pH-balanced, hypoallergenic, and dermatologically tested—safe for kids’ everyday bathing routine.

Toxin-Free & Kid-Safe: Free from sulfates, parabens, silicones, mineral oil, and artificial fragrances. 100% safe for children.",Mamaearth Original Orange Kids Body Wash,"Mamaearth Original Orange Body Wash for kids cleanses gently with Orange & Oat Protein. Tear-free, hydrating, pH-balanced, and perfect for kids' sensitive skin.",299,1000,300,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Bathing Care","Mamaearth Kids Body Wash, Orange Body Wash, Original Orange Kids Wash, Oat Protein Body Wash, Gentle Kids Body Wash, Tear Free Kids Wash, Natural Kids Skincare, Kids Bath Essentials, Sensitive Skin Kids Wash, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,300 ml,"mamaearth-original-orange-body-wash-for-kids-with-orange-and-oat-protein-1.png, mamaearth-original-orange-body-wash-for-kids-with-orange-and-oat-protein-2.png, mamaearth-original-orange-body-wash-for-kids-with-orange-and-oat-protein-3.png",mamaearth-original-orange-body-wash-for-kids-with-orange-and-oat-protein-1.png,mamaearth-original-orange-body-wash-for-kids-with-orange-and-oat-protein-1.png
Mamaearth Brave Blueberry Body Wash For Kids with Blueberry and Oat Protein,NDMA15441,TRUE,299,"A gentle and fun body wash for kids enriched with Blueberry and Oat Protein to cleanse, hydrate, and nourish delicate skin. Tear-free, pH-balanced, and dermatologically tested. Leaves skin soft, refreshed, and lightly fragrant with blueberries.","Delicious Blueberry Fragrance: Fun and fruity blueberry scent makes bath time exciting while leaving the skin feeling fresh and energized.

Nourishing Oat Protein: Enriched with Oat Protein that soothes, moisturizes, and keeps kids’ skin soft and healthy.

Gentle Tear-Free Formula: Mild and safe for children’s eyes, ensuring a comfortable and enjoyable bathing experience.

Hydrates & Cleanses Softly: Removes dirt and impurities without stripping natural moisture, ideal for daily use.

Perfect for Sensitive Skin: pH-balanced, hypoallergenic, and dermatologically tested, making it safe for all skin types.

Toxin-Free & Kid-Friendly: Free from sulfates, parabens, silicones, mineral oil, and artificial fragrances—100% safe for kids.",Mamaearth Brave Blueberry Kids Body Wash,"Mamaearth Brave Blueberry Body Wash for kids gently cleanses with Blueberry & Oat Protein. Tear-free, hydrating, pH-balanced, and perfect for sensitive skin.",299,1000,300,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Bathing Care","Mamaearth Kids Body Wash, Brave Blueberry Body Wash, Blueberry Kids Wash, Oat Protein Kids Wash, Tear Free Body Wash, Gentle Kids Cleanser, Natural Kids Skincare, Kids Bath Essentials, Sensitive Skin Kids Wash, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,300 ml,"mamaearth-brave-blueberry-body-wash-for-kids-with-blueberry-and-oat-protein-1.png, mamaearth-brave-blueberry-body-wash-for-kids-with-blueberry-and-oat-protein-2.png, mamaearth-brave-blueberry-body-wash-for-kids-with-blueberry-and-oat-protein-3.png",mamaearth-brave-blueberry-body-wash-for-kids-with-blueberry-and-oat-protein-1.png,mamaearth-brave-blueberry-body-wash-for-kids-with-blueberry-and-oat-protein-1.png
Mamaearth Agent Apple Body Wash for Kids with Apple and Oat Protein,NDMA15442,TRUE,299,"A gentle and refreshing kids’ body wash with Apple and Oat Protein that cleanses, nourishes, and hydrates delicate skin. Tear-free, pH-balanced, and dermatologically tested. Leaves kids’ skin soft, fresh, and lightly fragranced with a sweet apple scent","Sweet Apple Fragrance: Fun and fruity apple scent makes bath time exciting while leaving the skin refreshed and energized.

Nourishing Oat Protein: Enriched with Oat Protein that soothes, moisturizes, and helps maintain soft and healthy skin.

Gentle Tear-Free Formula: Mild, safe, and suitable for children's sensitive eyes, ensuring a happy bath experience.

Hydrates & Cleanses Gently: Removes dirt and impurities without drying, preserving natural skin moisture.

Ideal for Sensitive Skin: pH-balanced, hypoallergenic, and dermatologically tested—safe for everyday use.

Toxin-Free & Kid-Safe: Free from sulfates, parabens, silicones, mineral oil, and artificial fragrances for gentle daily care.",Mamaearth Agent Apple Kids Body Wash,"Mamaearth Agent Apple Body Wash for kids with Apple & Oat Protein cleans gently, hydrates skin, and is tear-free, pH-balanced, and perfect for sensitive skin.",299,1000,300,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Bathing Care","Mamaearth Kids Body Wash, Agent Apple Body Wash, Apple Kids Body Wash, Oat Protein Kids Wash, Gentle Kids Cleanser, Tear Free Body Wash, Natural Kids Skincare, Kids Bath Essentials, Sensitive Skin Kids Wash, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,300 ml,"mamaearth-agent-apple-body-wash-for-kids-with-apple-and-oat-protein-1.png, mamaearth-agent-apple-body-wash-for-kids-with-apple-and-oat-protein-2.png, mamaearth-agent-apple-body-wash-for-kids-with-apple-and-oat-protein-3.png",mamaearth-agent-apple-body-wash-for-kids-with-apple-and-oat-protein-1.png,mamaearth-agent-apple-body-wash-for-kids-with-apple-and-oat-protein-1.png
Mamaearth Agent Apple Body Wash for Kids with Apple and Oat Protein,NDMA15443,TRUE,598,"A fun and refreshing body wash for kids enriched with Apple and Oat Protein to gently cleanse, hydrate, and nourish delicate skin. Tear-free, pH-balanced, and safe for daily use. Leaves skin soft, fresh, and lightly scented with a sweet apple fragrance.","Refreshing Apple Fragrance: Infused with a sweet apple scent that makes bath time fun and keeps kids feeling fresh and energized.

Nourishing Oat Protein: Oat Protein soothes, moisturizes, and protects delicate skin, keeping it soft and healthy.

Gentle Tear-Free Formula: Mild and safe for kids’ eyes, offering a happy and comfortable bathing experience.

Hydrates & Cleans Softly: Cleanses without stripping natural oils, helping maintain skin moisture and smoothness.

Perfect for Sensitive Skin: pH-balanced, hypoallergenic, and dermatologically tested for safe everyday use.

Toxin-Free & Kid-Friendly: Free from sulfates, parabens, silicones, mineral oil, and artificial fragrances—100% safe for kids.",Mamaearth Agent Apple Kids Body Wash,"Mamaearth Agent Apple Body Wash for kids gently cleanses with Apple & Oat Protein. Tear-free, moisturizing, pH-balanced, and perfect for daily use on sensitive skin.",598,1000,600,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Bathing Care","Mamaearth Kids Body Wash, Agent Apple Body Wash, Apple Kids Body Wash, Oat Protein Kids Wash, Gentle Kids Cleanser, Tear Free Body Wash, Kids Bath Essentials, Natural Kids Skincare, Sensitive Skin Kids Wash, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,300 ml (Pack of 2),"mamaearth-agent-apple-body-wash-for-kids-with-apple-and-oat-protein-1.png, mamaearth-agent-apple-body-wash-for-kids-with-apple-and-oat-protein-2.png, mamaearth-agent-apple-body-wash-for-kids-with-apple-and-oat-protein-3.png",mamaearth-agent-apple-body-wash-for-kids-with-apple-and-oat-protein-1.png,mamaearth-agent-apple-body-wash-for-kids-with-apple-and-oat-protein-1.png
Mamaearth Major Mango Body Wash For Kids with Mango and Oat Protein,NDMA15444,TRUE,299,"A fun and nourishing kids’ body wash with Mango and Oat Protein that gently cleanses, hydrates, and softens delicate skin. Tear-free, pH-balanced, and dermatologically tested. Leaves skin fresh, smooth, and lightly scented with sweet mango.","Delicious Mango Fragrance: Infused with a tropical mango scent that makes bath time enjoyable while keeping kids feeling fresh and happy.

Nourishing Oat Protein: Oat Protein soothes, moisturizes, and protects delicate skin, keeping it soft, healthy, and irritation-free.

Gentle Tear-Free Formula: Mild and safe for kids' eyes, ensuring a comfortable and cheerful bathing experience.

Soft, Hydrated Skin: Cleanses effectively without stripping natural moisture, perfect for daily use on sensitive skin.

Perfect for All Skin Types: pH-balanced, hypoallergenic, and dermatologically tested—safe even for sensitive, delicate skin.

Toxin-Free & Kid-Safe: Free from sulfates, parabens, silicones, mineral oil, and artificial fragrances. 100% safe for everyday use.",Mamaearth Major Mango Kids Body Wash,"Mamaearth Major Mango Body Wash for kids with Mango & Oat Protein gently cleanses, hydrates, and refreshes skin. Tear-free, pH-balanced, and safe for sensitive skin.",299,1000,300,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Bathing Care","Mamaearth Kids Body Wash, Major Mango Body Wash, Mango Kids Body Wash, Oat Protein Kids Wash, Gentle Kids Cleanser, Tear Free Body Wash, Kids Skincare, Natural Kids Bath, Sensitive Skin Kids Wash, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,300 ml,"mamaearth-major-mango-body-wash-for-kids-with-mango-and-oat-protein-1.png, mamaearth-major-mango-body-wash-for-kids-with-mango-and-oat-protein-2.png, mamaearth-major-mango-body-wash-for-kids-with-mango-and-oat-protein-3.png",mamaearth-major-mango-body-wash-for-kids-with-mango-and-oat-protein-1.png,mamaearth-major-mango-body-wash-for-kids-with-mango-and-oat-protein-1.png
Mamaearth Major Mango Body Wash For Kids with Mango and Oat Protein,NDMA15445,TRUE,598,"A gentle and fruity body wash for kids enriched with Mango and Oat Protein that cleanses, hydrates, and nourishes delicate skin. Tear-free, pH-balanced, and dermatologically tested. Leaves kids’ skin soft, smooth, and naturally fresh with a sweet mango scent.","Sweet Mango Fragrance: Infused with a fruity mango scent that makes bath time fun and leaves kids feeling fresh and energized.

Enriched with Oat Protein: Oat Protein deeply nourishes, soothes, and softens delicate skin while maintaining natural moisture.

Tear-Free & Gentle: Mild formula safe for kids’ eyes, providing a comfortable and happy bathing experience.

Hydrates & Cleanses Softly: Effectively removes dirt and impurities without drying out the skin, perfect for everyday use.

Safe for Sensitive Skin: pH-balanced, hypoallergenic, and dermatologically tested—ideal for all skin types.

100% Toxin-Free: Free from sulfates, parabens, silicones, mineral oil, dyes, and artificial fragrances—completely safe for kids.",Mamaearth Major Mango Kids Body Wash,"Mamaearth Major Mango Body Wash for kids gently cleanses and hydrates with Mango & Oat Protein. Tear-free, pH-balanced, and perfect for sensitive skin.",598,1000,600,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Bathing Care","Mamaearth Kids Body Wash, Major Mango Body Wash, Mango Kids Body Wash, Oat Protein Kids Wash, Gentle Kids Cleanser, Tear Free Body Wash, Kids Bath Essentials, Natural Kids Skincare, Sensitive Skin Kids Wash, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,300 ml (Pack of 2),"mamaearth-major-mango-body-wash-for-kids-with-mango-and-oat-protein-1.png, mamaearth-major-mango-body-wash-for-kids-with-mango-and-oat-protein-2.png, mamaearth-major-mango-body-wash-for-kids-with-mango-and-oat-protein-3.png",mamaearth-major-mango-body-wash-for-kids-with-mango-and-oat-protein-1.png,mamaearth-major-mango-body-wash-for-kids-with-mango-and-oat-protein-1.png
Mamaearth Milky Soft Face Cream With Murumuru Butter for Babies,NDMA15446,TRUE,199,"A gentle, nourishing face cream for babies enriched with Murumuru Butter to deeply moisturize and protect delicate skin. Lightweight, non-greasy, and perfect for sensitive skin. Keeps baby’s face soft, smooth, and hydrated throughout the day.","Deep Moisturization with Murumuru Butter: Rich in fatty acids, Murumuru Butter intensely moisturizes baby’s delicate facial skin, keeping it soft and supple.

Soothes Dry & Sensitive Skin: Gently nourishes and calms irritation, making it ideal for dry, rough, and sensitive baby skin.

Lightweight & Non-Greasy: Absorbs easily without leaving a sticky or oily feel, perfect for daily use on babies.

Protects & Hydrates: Helps lock in moisture and forms a protective barrier to prevent dryness throughout the day.

Safe for Newborns: Dermatologically tested, hypoallergenic, and suitable for newborns and babies with sensitive skin.

Natural & Toxin-Free: Free from parabens, silicones, mineral oil, dyes, and artificial fragrances—100% baby-safe.",Mamaearth Milky Soft Baby Face Cream,"Mamaearth Milky Soft Face Cream for babies with Murumuru Butter deeply moisturizes, soothes dryness, and keeps delicate skin soft, smooth, and hydrated all day.",199,1000,600,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Bathing Care","Mamaearth Baby Face Cream, Milky Soft Face Cream, Murumuru Butter Cream, Baby Moisturizer, Baby Face Lotion, Sensitive Skin Baby Care, Natural Baby Cream, Baby Skincare, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,60 ml,"mamaearth-milky-soft-face-cream-with-murumuru-butter-for-babies-1.png, mamaearth-milky-soft-face-cream-with-murumuru-butter-for-babies-2.png, mamaearth-milky-soft-face-cream-with-murumuru-butter-for-babies-3.png",mamaearth-milky-soft-face-cream-with-murumuru-butter-for-babies-1.png,mamaearth-milky-soft-face-cream-with-murumuru-butter-for-babies-1.png
Mamaearth Mineral Based Sunscreen,NDMA15447,TRUE,150,"A gentle mineral-based sunscreen for babies and kids formulated with natural zinc oxide to provide broad-spectrum SPF protection. Moisturizes, soothes, and shields delicate skin from UVA/UVB rays. Non-sticky, toxin-free, and safe for sensitive skin.","Mineral-Based Sun Protection: Formulated with 100% natural Zinc Oxide that provides safe and effective broad-spectrum SPF protection against UVA and UVB rays.

Ideal for Sensitive Skin: Gentle on delicate baby skin, preventing sunburn, tanning, and irritation without clogging pores.

Non-Sticky & Lightweight: Absorbs easily into the skin without leaving a greasy or heavy feel—perfect for everyday outdoor play.

Moisturizes & Nourishes: Enriched with Shea Butter and Calendula Extract to hydrate, soothe, and maintain skin softness.

Safe for Babies & Kids: Dermatologically tested, hypoallergenic, and made for children’s delicate and sensitive skin.

Toxin-Free Formula: Free from parabens, sulfates, silicones, mineral oil, artificial fragrances, and harmful chemicals—100% safe and natural.",Mamaearth Mineral Based Sunscreen,"Mamaearth Mineral Based Sunscreen with natural Zinc Oxide protects baby skin from UVA/UVB rays. Gentle, non-sticky, moisturizing, and safe for sensitive skin.",150,1000,50,25,25,2,2.5,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care","Mamaearth Sunscreen, Mineral Sunscreen, Baby Sunscreen, Kids Sunscreen, Zinc Oxide Sunscreen, Natural SPF Cream, Sun Protection for Babies, Sensitive Skin Sunscreen, Toxin Free Sunscreen, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,50 ml,"mamaearth-mineral-based-sunscreen-1.png, mamaearth-mineral-based-sunscreen-2.png, mamaearth-mineral-based-sunscreen-3.png",mamaearth-mineral-based-sunscreen-1.png,mamaearth-mineral-based-sunscreen-1.png
Mamaearth Mineral Based Sunscreen,NDMA15448,TRUE,299,"A gentle mineral-based sunscreen with natural Zinc Oxide that provides broad-spectrum SPF protection for babies and kids. Moisturizes, soothes, and shields delicate skin from UVA/UVB rays. Non-sticky, toxin-free, and perfect for sensitive skin.","Mineral SPF Protection: Formulated with 100% natural Zinc Oxide that creates a protective barrier against harmful UVA & UVB rays—safe for babies’ delicate skin.

Gentle on Sensitive Skin: Ideal for newborns and kids, preventing sunburn, tanning, and irritation without clogging pores.

Non-Sticky & Lightweight: Absorbs quickly and does not leave a heavy or greasy feel, making it perfect for outdoor play.

Deeply Moisturizes & Soothes: Enriched with Shea Butter and Calendula Extract that hydrate, calm, and nourish sensitive skin.

Dermatologically Tested: Hypoallergenic, pH-balanced, and suitable for daily application on delicate baby skin.

Toxin-Free Formula: Free from parabens, silicones, sulfates, mineral oil, synthetic fragrance, and harmful chemicals—100% safe and natural.",Mamaearth Mineral Based Sunscreen,"Mamaearth Mineral Based Sunscreen protects baby skin with natural Zinc Oxide. Non-sticky, moisturizing, and safe for sensitive skin with broad-spectrum SPF.",299,1000,100,25,25,1.4,2,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care","Mamaearth Sunscreen, Mineral Sunscreen, Baby Sunscreen, Kids Sunscreen, Zinc Oxide Sunscreen, Natural SPF Cream, Sun Protection for Babies, Sensitive Skin Sunscreen, Toxin Free Sunscreen, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,100 ml,"mamaearth-mineral-based-sunscreen-1.png, mamaearth-mineral-based-sunscreen-2.png, mamaearth-mineral-based-sunscreen-3.png",mamaearth-mineral-based-sunscreen-1.png,mamaearth-mineral-based-sunscreen-1.png
Mamaearth Coco Soft Face Cream With Coconut Milk & Turmeric For Babies,NDMA15449,TRUE,199,"A gentle, nourishing face cream for babies enriched with Coconut Milk and Turmeric to moisturize, soothe, and protect delicate skin. Lightweight, non-greasy, and perfect for sensitive skin. Keeps baby’s face soft, smooth, and hydrated all day.","Deep Nourishment with Coconut Milk: Rich in natural fats, Coconut Milk moisturizes and softens delicate baby skin, preventing dryness.

Turmeric for Skin Protection: Turmeric helps calm irritation, reduce redness, and protect sensitive skin from environmental damage.

Lightweight & Non-Sticky: Absorbs quickly without leaving a greasy feel, making it perfect for daily use on baby’s face.

Hydrates & Maintains Skin Barrier: Locks in moisture and keeps the skin healthy, smooth, and naturally glowing.

Ideal for Sensitive & Delicate Skin: Dermatologically tested, hypoallergenic, and safe for newborns and all skin types.

Toxin-Free & Natural: Free from parabens, silicones, mineral oil, synthetic fragrances, and harsh chemicals—100% baby-safe.",Mamaearth Coco Soft Baby Face Cream,"Mamaearth Coco Soft Face Cream with Coconut Milk & Turmeric moisturizes, soothes, and protects delicate baby skin. Lightweight, non-greasy, and safe for newborns.",199,1000,60,25,25,1.4,2.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care","Mamaearth Baby Face Cream, Coco Soft Face Cream, Coconut Milk Baby Cream, Turmeric Baby Cream, Baby Moisturizer, Gentle Baby Skin Care, Sensitive Skin Baby Cream, Natural Baby Cream, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,60 g,"mamaearth-coco-soft-face-cream-with-coconut-milk-turmeric-for-babies-1.png, mamaearth-coco-soft-face-cream-with-coconut-milk-turmeric-for-babies-2.png, mamaearth-coco-soft-face-cream-with-coconut-milk-turmeric-for-babies-3.png",mamaearth-coco-soft-face-cream-with-coconut-milk-turmeric-for-babies-1.png,mamaearth-coco-soft-face-cream-with-coconut-milk-turmeric-for-babies-1.png
Mamaearth Milky Soft Diaper Rash Cream for Babies,NDMA15450,TRUE,299,"A gentle diaper rash cream for babies enriched with Milk Protein and Calendula to soothe irritation, reduce redness, and protect delicate skin. Forms a protective barrier, heals rashes quickly, and is safe for newborns. Toxin-free and dermatologically tested.","Soothes Diaper Rashes Fast: Made with calming natural ingredients that reduce redness, irritation, and discomfort caused by diaper rashes.

Enriched with Milk Protein: Milk Protein deeply nourishes and strengthens delicate baby skin while supporting natural healing.

Calendula for Skin Relief: Calendula helps soothe inflammation, repair damaged skin, and protect against further irritation.

Forms a Protective Barrier: Creates a gentle shield that safeguards skin from wetness, friction, and diaper rub.

Safe for Newborns: Dermatologically tested, hypoallergenic, and ideal for sensitive or easily irritated baby skin.

Toxin-Free Formula: Free from parabens, sulfates, silicones, mineral oil, synthetic fragrance, and harmful chemicals—100% baby-safe.",Mamaearth Milky Soft Diaper Rash Cream,"Mamaearth Milky Soft Diaper Rash Cream soothes rashes, reduces redness, and protects delicate baby skin with Milk Protein & Calendula. Safe, gentle, and toxin-free.",299,1000,50,25,25,1.4,2.5,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care","Mamaearth Diaper Rash Cream, Milky Soft Rash Cream, Baby Rash Cream, Calendula Rash Cream, Milk Protein Baby Cream, Diaper Care Cream, Baby Skincare, Sensitive Skin Rash Cream, Natural Baby Cream, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,50 g,"mamaearth-milky-soft-diaper-rash-cream-for-babies-1.png, mamaearth-milky-soft-diaper-rash-cream-for-babies-2.png, mamaearth-milky-soft-diaper-rash-cream-for-babies-3.png",mamaearth-milky-soft-diaper-rash-cream-for-babies-1.png,mamaearth-milky-soft-diaper-rash-cream-for-babies-1.png
Mamaearth Onion Shampoo for Anti Hair Fall & Hair Growth with Onion Oil & Plant Keratin,NDMA15451,TRUE,499,"A powerful anti–hair fall shampoo enriched with Onion Oil and Plant Keratin to strengthen roots, reduce breakage, and promote healthy hair growth. Gently cleanses, adds shine, and improves texture. Safe, toxin-free, and suitable for all hair types.","Reduces Hair Fall Effectively: Enriched with Onion Oil, which is rich in sulfur to strengthen roots, reduce breakage, and support healthy hair growth.

Boosts Hair Strength & Shine: Plant Keratin helps repair damaged strands, smooth frizz, and improve overall hair texture without stripping natural oils.

Gentle & Nourishing Cleanser: Cleanses the scalp and hair thoroughly while retaining essential moisture, leaving hair soft and manageable.

Promotes Healthy Hair Growth: Supports stronger, thicker, and healthier-looking hair with regular use.

Safe for All Hair Types: Ideal for dry, oily, damaged, chemically treated, or color-treated hair.

Toxin-Free Formula: Free from sulfates, parabens, silicones, mineral oil, and artificial fragrances—100% safe and natural.",Mamaearth Onion Anti Hair Fall Shampoo,"Mamaearth Onion Shampoo reduces hair fall, strengthens roots, and boosts hair growth with Onion Oil & Plant Keratin. Gentle, nourishing, and safe for all hair types.",499,1000,400,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care","Mamaearth Onion Shampoo, Anti Hair Fall Shampoo, Hair Growth Shampoo, Onion Oil Shampoo, Plant Keratin Shampoo, Natural Hair Care, Hair Strengthening Shampoo, Reduce Hair Fall, Hair Repair Shampoo, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,400 ml,"mamaearth-onion-shampoo-for-anti-hair-fall-hair-growth-with-onion-oil-plant-keratin-1.png, mamaearth-onion-shampoo-for-anti-hair-fall-hair-growth-with-onion-oil-plant-keratin-2.png, mamaearth-onion-shampoo-for-anti-hair-fall-hair-growth-with-onion-oil-plant-keratin-3.png",mamaearth-onion-shampoo-for-anti-hair-fall-hair-growth-with-onion-oil-plant-keratin-1.png,mamaearth-onion-shampoo-for-anti-hair-fall-hair-growth-with-onion-oil-plant-keratin-1.png
Mamaearth Onion Hair Oil for Hair Fall Control with Onion & Redensyl,NDMA15452,TRUE,419,"A powerful hair fall control oil enriched with Onion and Redensyl to strengthen roots, boost hair growth, and reduce breakage. Nourishes the scalp, improves density, and adds shine. Lightweight, non-sticky, and safe for all hair types. 100% toxin-free.","Reduces Hair Fall & Boosts Growth: Enriched with Onion Oil and Redensyl, known to strengthen roots, reduce breakage, and promote faster, healthier hair growth.

Strengthens Hair from Root to Tip: Onion Oil improves scalp circulation and fortifies follicles, helping reduce thinning and shedding.

Redensyl for Thicker Hair: Redensyl supports natural hair growth cycles and helps improve hair density with consistent use.

Deeply Nourishes & Repairs: A blend of nourishing natural oils restores shine, smoothness, and moisture without making hair greasy.

Lightweight & Non-Sticky: Absorbs quickly into the scalp and hair, making oiling comfortable and easy.

Safe for All Hair Types: Suitable for men and women with dry, oily, frizzy, damaged, or chemically treated hair.

Toxin-Free Formula: Free from parabens, silicones, mineral oil, synthetic fragrance, and harmful chemicals—100% natural and safe.",Mamaearth Onion Hair Oil with Redensyl,"Mamaearth Onion Hair Oil with Onion & Redensyl reduces hair fall, strengthens roots, and boosts growth. Lightweight, nourishing, and toxin-free for all hair types.",419,1000,150,25,25,1.4,1.6,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Hair","Mamaearth Onion Hair Oil, Onion Hair Oil, Redensyl Hair Oil, Hair Fall Control Oil, Hair Growth Oil, Anti Hair Fall Oil, Natural Hair Oil, Scalp Nourishing Oil, Hair Strengthening Oil, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,150 ml,"mamaearth-onion-hair-oil-for-hair-fall-control-with-onion-redensyl-1.png, mamaearth-onion-hair-oil-for-hair-fall-control-with-onion-redensyl-2.png, mamaearth-onion-hair-oil-for-hair-fall-control-with-onion-redensyl-3.png",mamaearth-onion-hair-oil-for-hair-fall-control-with-onion-redensyl-1.png,mamaearth-onion-hair-oil-for-hair-fall-control-with-onion-redensyl-1.png
Mamaearth Vitamin C Daily Glow Face Cream With Vitamin C & Turmeric For Skin Illumination,NDMA15453,TRUE,249,"A lightweight daily glow face cream with Vitamin C and Turmeric that brightens skin, reduces dullness, and boosts radiance. Hydrates, evens skin tone, and protects from damage. Non-greasy, quick-absorbing, and suitable for all skin types. Toxin-free and dermatologically tested.","Brightens & Boosts Glow: Enriched with Vitamin C, this face cream brightens skin, reduces dullness, and enhances natural radiance for a fresh, glowing look.

Turmeric for Skin Illumination: Turmeric helps soothe the skin, fights inflammation, and adds a natural golden glow while improving skin tone.

Hydrates & Nourishes: Lightweight formula deeply moisturizes without greasiness, leaving skin soft, smooth, and refreshed.

Improves Skin Texture: Helps reduce dark spots, pigmentation, and uneven skin tone with regular use.

Protects from Damage: Packed with antioxidants that shield the skin from environmental stress, pollution, and free radicals.

Suitable for All Skin Types: Dermatologically tested and safe for dry, oily, combination, and sensitive skin.

Toxin-Free Formula: Free from parabens, silicones, mineral oil, sulfates, dyes, and artificial fragrances—100% safe and natural.",Mamaearth Vitamin C Daily Glow Face Cream,"Mamaearth Vitamin C Daily Glow Face Cream brightens skin, boosts radiance, and hydrates with Vitamin C & Turmeric. Lightweight, non-greasy, and suitable for all skin types.",249,1000,80,25,25,1.4,2,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Hair","Mamaearth Face Cream, Vitamin C Face Cream, Daily Glow Cream, Turmeric Face Cream, Skin Brightening Cream, Radiant Skin Cream, Natural Face Moisturizer, Anti Dullness Cream, Even Tone Face Cream, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,80 g,"mamaearth-vitamin-c-daily-glow-face-cream-with-vitamin-c-turmeric-for-skin-illumination-1.png, mamaearth-vitamin-c-daily-glow-face-cream-with-vitamin-c-turmeric-for-skin-illumination-2.png, mamaearth-vitamin-c-daily-glow-face-cream-with-vitamin-c-turmeric-for-skin-illumination-3.png",mamaearth-vitamin-c-daily-glow-face-cream-with-vitamin-c-turmeric-for-skin-illumination-1.png,mamaearth-vitamin-c-daily-glow-face-cream-with-vitamin-c-turmeric-for-skin-illumination-1.png
Mamaearth Skin Correct Face Serum With Niacinamide & Ginger Extract For Acne Marks & Scars,NDMA15454,TRUE,349,"A powerful face serum with Niacinamide and Ginger Extract that reduces acne marks, fades dark spots, controls excess oil, and improves skin texture. Lightweight, fast-absorbing, and suitable for all skin types. Dermatologically tested and toxin-free.","Reduces Acne Marks & Scars: Formulated with Niacinamide, known for its ability to fade dark spots, acne marks, and pigmentation effectively.

Improves Skin Texture: Niacinamide strengthens the skin barrier, minimizes pores, and enhances overall smoothness.

Controls Excess Oil & Breakouts: Helps balance sebum production, reducing the chances of new acne formation.

Ginger Extract for Clear Skin: Ginger Extract has antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties that soothe the skin and lighten blemishes.

Lightweight & Fast-Absorbing: Non-sticky formula that absorbs quickly into the skin, perfect for day and night use.

Suitable for All Skin Types: Ideal for oily, acne-prone, dry, combination, and sensitive skin.

Toxin-Free & Safe: Free from silicones, parabens, mineral oil, sulfates, artificial fragrance, and harmful chemicals.",Mamaearth Skin Correct Niacinamide Serum,"Mamaearth Skin Correct Serum with Niacinamide & Ginger reduces acne marks, fades dark spots, controls oil, and improves texture. Lightweight, safe, and toxin-free.",349,1000,15,25,25,1.4,5,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Skin & Personal Care","Mamaearth Face Serum, Niacinamide Serum, Acne Marks Serum, Dark Spot Removal Serum, Ginger Extract Serum, Skin Correct Serum, Oil Control Serum, Pore Minimizing Serum, Natural Face Serum, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,15 ml,"mamaearth-skin-correct-face-serum-with-niacinamide-ginger-extract-for-acne-marks-scars-1.png, mamaearth-skin-correct-face-serum-with-niacinamide-ginger-extract-for-acne-marks-scars-2.png, mamaearth-skin-correct-face-serum-with-niacinamide-ginger-extract-for-acne-marks-scars-3.png",mamaearth-skin-correct-face-serum-with-niacinamide-ginger-extract-for-acne-marks-scars-1.png,mamaearth-skin-correct-face-serum-with-niacinamide-ginger-extract-for-acne-marks-scars-1.png
Mamaearth Onion Hair Serum For Silky & Smooth Hair,NDMA15455,TRUE,299,"A lightweight hair serum enriched with Onion and Biotin that controls frizz, reduces breakage, and adds shine. Smoothens dry and tangled hair, making it soft, silky, and manageable. Non-greasy, nourishing, and safe for all hair types. Toxin-free and dermatologically tested.","Reduces Frizz & Smoothens Hair: Enriched with Onion Extract, this serum helps tame frizz, detangle knots, and leave hair smooth and soft.

Strengthens & Reduces Breakage: Contains Biotin and nourishing oils that strengthen strands, reduce breakage, and improve overall hair texture.

Adds Shine & Softness: Gives dull, dry hair a natural shine and silky finish while keeping it manageable throughout the day.

Lightweight & Non-Greasy: Absorbs quickly without making hair oily or sticky—perfect for daily styling and post-wash care.

Suitable for All Hair Types: Works effectively on straight, curly, wavy, chemically treated, and color-treated hair.

Toxin-Free Formula: Free from parabens, sulfates, silicones, mineral oil, and harmful chemicals—100% safe and gentle.",Mamaearth Onion Hair Serum for Smooth Hair,"Mamaearth Onion Hair Serum smoothens frizz, reduces breakage, and adds shine with Onion & Biotin. Lightweight, non-greasy, and safe for all hair types.",299,1000,100,25,25,1.4,2,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Skin & Personal Care","Mamaearth Onion Hair Serum smoothens frizz, reduces breakage, and adds shine with Onion & Biotin. Lightweight, non-greasy, and safe for all hair types.",Pack Size,100 ml,"mamaearth-onion-hair-serum-for-silky-smooth-hair-1.png, mamaearth-onion-hair-serum-for-silky-smooth-hair-2.png, mamaearth-onion-hair-serum-for-silky-smooth-hair-3.png",mamaearth-onion-hair-serum-for-silky-smooth-hair-1.png,mamaearth-onion-hair-serum-for-silky-smooth-hair-1.png
Mamaearth Onion Hair Serum with Onion & Biotin for Strong Frizz -Free Hair,NDMA15456,TRUE,299,"A lightweight hair serum enriched with Onion and Biotin that strengthens hair, reduces breakage, and controls frizz. Smoothens dry strands, adds shine, detangles easily, and keeps hair soft and manageable. Non-greasy, nourishing, and suitable for all hair types.","Strong & Frizz-Free Hair: Powered by Onion Extract and Biotin, this serum helps control frizz, smoothen rough hair, and improve overall texture.

Reduces Breakage & Strengthens Strands: Biotin fortifies hair from root to tip, reducing breakage and making hair stronger and healthier.

Adds Shine & Softness: Gives dull, dry hair a silky shine and smooth finish, making it look healthier and more manageable.

Detangles Effortlessly: Helps loosen knots and tangles, making combing easier and preventing unnecessary hair fall.

Lightweight & Non-Sticky: Fast-absorbing formula that doesn’t weigh hair down, perfect for daily styling or post-wash nourishment.

Suitable for All Hair Types: Works well on curly, straight, wavy, frizzy, chemically treated, and color-treated hair.

Toxin-Free & Safe: Free from parabens, silicones, mineral oil, sulfates, and harmful chemicals—100% safe for everyday use.",Mamaearth Onion Hair Serum for Frizz-Free Hair,"Mamaearth Onion Hair Serum with Onion & Biotin controls frizz, strengthens hair, adds shine, and reduces breakage. Lightweight, non-greasy, and safe for all hair types.",299,1000,100,25,25,1.4,2,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Hair","Mamaearth Onion Hair Serum, Frizz Free Hair Serum, Onion & Biotin Serum, Strong Hair Serum, Hair Breakage Control, Smooth Hair Serum, Anti Frizz Serum, Natural Hair Serum, Hair Strengthening Serum, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,100 ml,"mamaearth-onion-hair-serum-with-onion-biotin-for-strong-frizz-free-hair-1.png, mamaearth-onion-hair-serum-with-onion-biotin-for-strong-frizz-free-hair-2.png, mamaearth-onion-hair-serum-with-onion-biotin-for-strong-frizz-free-hair-3.png",mamaearth-onion-hair-serum-with-onion-biotin-for-strong-frizz-free-hair-1.png,mamaearth-onion-hair-serum-with-onion-biotin-for-strong-frizz-free-hair-1.png
Mamaearth Onion Anti Hair Fall Spa Range with Shampoo + Conditioner + Oil for Hair Fall Control,NDMA15457,TRUE,1117,"A complete anti–hair fall spa range with Onion Shampoo, Conditioner, and Hair Oil to reduce breakage, strengthen roots, and boost hair growth. Nourishes scalp, smoothens hair, and adds shine. Toxin-free, safe for all hair types, and ideal for hair fall control.","Complete Hair Fall Control Routine: This spa range includes Onion Shampoo, Conditioner, and Hair Oil designed to reduce hair fall, strengthen roots, and support healthy hair growth.

Onion Oil for Strong Roots: Rich in sulfur and antioxidants, Onion Oil improves circulation, strengthens hair follicles, and reduces breakage.

Plant Keratin for Smooth Hair: Plant Keratin in the shampoo and conditioner smoothens frizz, repairs damage, and enhances shine without stripping natural moisture.

Deep Scalp Nourishment: The hair oil nourishes the scalp, reduces dryness, and promotes stronger, healthier hair with consistent use.

Repairs & Improves Texture: The conditioner softens, detangles, and reduces frizz while improving overall hair texture.

Safe for All Hair Types: Suitable for dry, oily, frizzy, color-treated, chemically treated, and damaged hair.

100% Toxin-Free: Free from sulfates, parabens, silicones, mineral oil, synthetic fragrances, and harsh chemicals—gentle and safe for everyday use.",Mamaearth Onion Anti Hair Fall Spa Range,"Mamaearth Onion Anti Hair Fall Spa Range with Shampoo, Conditioner & Oil reduces hair fall, strengthens roots, smoothens hair, and boosts growth. Natural and toxin-free.",1117,1000,650,25,25,1.3,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Hair","Mamaearth Onion Spa Range, Anti Hair Fall Kit, Onion Shampoo, Onion Conditioner, Onion Hair Oil, Hair Fall Control Kit, Hair Growth Spa, Natural Hair Care, Strong Hair Kit, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,Combo of 3,"mamaearth-onion-anti-hair-fall-spa-range-with-shampoo-conditioner-oil-for-hair-fall-control-1.png, mamaearth-onion-anti-hair-fall-spa-range-with-shampoo-conditioner-oil-for-hair-fall-control-2.png, mamaearth-onion-anti-hair-fall-spa-range-with-shampoo-conditioner-oil-for-hair-fall-control-3.png",mamaearth-onion-anti-hair-fall-spa-range-with-shampoo-conditioner-oil-for-hair-fall-control-1.png,mamaearth-onion-anti-hair-fall-spa-range-with-shampoo-conditioner-oil-for-hair-fall-control-1.png
Mamaearth Onion Shampoo For Hair Fall Control & Hair Growth With Onion & Plant Keratin,NDMA15458,TRUE,1299,"A gentle, nourishing shampoo with Onion and Plant Keratin that reduces hair fall, strengthens roots, and boosts hair growth. Cleanses without drying, improves texture, and makes hair soft, smooth, and shiny. Suitable for all hair types and completely toxin-free.","Reduces Hair Fall & Breakage: Enriched with Onion Extract, known for its sulfur-rich composition that strengthens roots, reduces breakage, and supports hair growth.

Boosts Hair Strength & Shine: Plant Keratin smoothens frizz, repairs damage, and restores natural shine without stripping moisture.

Deeply Cleanses & Nourishes: Gently removes dirt, buildup, and excess oil while nourishing the scalp for healthier-looking hair.

Promotes Healthy Hair Growth: Regular use strengthens follicles, supports thicker hair, and improves overall scalp health.

Suitable for All Hair Types: Works well for dry, oily, damaged, frizzy, chemically treated, and color-treated hair.

Safe & Toxin-Free: Free from sulfates, parabens, silicones, mineral oil, dyes, and artificial fragrances—ideal for everyday use.",Mamaearth Onion Shampoo for Hair Fall Control,"Mamaearth Onion Shampoo with Onion & Plant Keratin reduces hair fall, strengthens roots, and boosts hair growth. Nourishing, gentle, and safe for all hair types.",1299,1000,1000,25,25,1.3,1.3,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Hair","Mamaearth Onion Shampoo, Hair Fall Control Shampoo, Onion & Keratin Shampoo, Hair Growth Shampoo, Anti Hair Fall Shampoo, Natural Hair Care, Strengthening Shampoo, Smooth Hair Shampoo, Scalp Care Shampoo, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,1000 ml,"mamaearth-onion-shampoo-for-hair-fall-control-hair-growth-with-onion-plant-keratin-1.png, mamaearth-onion-shampoo-for-hair-fall-control-hair-growth-with-onion-plant-keratin-2.png, mamaearth-onion-shampoo-for-hair-fall-control-hair-growth-with-onion-plant-keratin-3.png",mamaearth-onion-shampoo-for-hair-fall-control-hair-growth-with-onion-plant-keratin-1.png,mamaearth-onion-shampoo-for-hair-fall-control-hair-growth-with-onion-plant-keratin-1.png
Mamaearth Bye Bye Blemishes Face Cream With Mulberry Extract & Vitamin C,NDMA15459,TRUE,471,"A powerful anti-blemish face cream with Mulberry Extract and Vitamin C that reduces dark spots, pigmentation, and uneven skin tone. Brightens, hydrates, and improves skin texture. Lightweight, non-greasy, and suitable for all skin types. Toxin-free and dermatologically tested.","Fades Dark Spots & Pigmentation: Enriched with Mulberry Extract and Vitamin C, this cream targets stubborn blemishes, acne marks, and uneven patches to give clearer skin.

Brightens & Evens Skin Tone: Vitamin C boosts radiance, reduces dullness, and improves overall skin brightness.

Mulberry Extract for Clarity: Helps naturally lighten pigmentation, fade dark spots, and improve skin texture.

Lightweight & Non-Greasy: Absorbs quickly into the skin, making it perfect for day and night use without stickiness.

Hydrates & Nourishes: Keeps skin soft, smooth, and well-moisturized while promoting a healthy glow.

Suitable for All Skin Types: Dermatologically tested and safe for oily, dry, combination, acne-prone, and sensitive skin.

Toxin-Free Formula: Free from parabens, silicones, mineral oil, sulfates, and artificial fragrances—100% safe and natural.",Mamaearth Bye Bye Blemishes Face Cream,"Mamaearth Bye Bye Blemishes Face Cream with Mulberry & Vitamin C reduces dark spots, evens skin tone, and brightens skin. Lightweight, hydrating, and toxin-free.",471,1000,30,25,25,1.4,4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Hair","Mamaearth Face Cream, Bye Bye Blemishes Cream, Anti Pigmentation Cream, Dark Spot Removal Cream, Mulberry Cream, Vitamin C Face Cream, Even Tone Cream, Brightening Face Cream, Natural Skincare, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,30 g,"mamaearth-bye-bye-blemishes-face-cream-with-mulberry-extract-vitamin-c-1.png, mamaearth-bye-bye-blemishes-face-cream-with-mulberry-extract-vitamin-c-2.png, mamaearth-bye-bye-blemishes-face-cream-with-mulberry-extract-vitamin-c-3.png",mamaearth-bye-bye-blemishes-face-cream-with-mulberry-extract-vitamin-c-1.png,mamaearth-bye-bye-blemishes-face-cream-with-mulberry-extract-vitamin-c-1.png
Mamaearth Soothing Baby Massage Oil,NDMA15460,TRUE,399,"A gentle baby massage oil enriched with natural oils that nourish, moisturize, and strengthen your baby’s skin and muscles. Lightweight, non-sticky, and perfect for daily massage. Dermatologically tested, hypoallergenic, and safe for newborns.","Deep Skin Nourishment: Made with a blend of natural oils that deeply moisturize, soften, and protect delicate baby skin.

Strengthens Bones & Muscles: Regular massage with this oil helps support healthy muscle and bone development in growing babies.

Lightweight & Non-Sticky Formula: Absorbs quickly without leaving a greasy residue, ensuring a soothing and comfortable massage experience.

Calming & Relaxing: Helps relax the baby’s body and promotes better sleep, making it ideal for bedtime massages.

Perfect for Sensitive Skin: Dermatologically tested, hypoallergenic, and suitable for newborns as well as babies with delicate or sensitive skin.

100% Toxin-Free: Free from mineral oil, parabens, silicones, artificial fragrances, and harmful chemicals—safe for everyday use.",Mamaearth Soothing Baby Massage Oil,"Mamaearth Soothing Baby Massage Oil nourishes, moisturizes, and strengthens baby skin and muscles. Lightweight, natural, non-sticky, and safe for newborn",399,1000,200,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Skin & Personal Care","Mamaearth Massage Oil, Soothing Baby Oil, Baby Massage Oil, Gentle Baby Skincare, Natural Baby Oil, Sensitive Skin Baby Oil, Baby Body Care, Non Sticky Baby Oil, Toxin Free Baby Oil, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,200 ml,"mamaearth-soothing-baby-massage-oil-1.png, mamaearth-soothing-baby-massage-oil-2.png, mamaearth-soothing-baby-massage-oil-3.png",mamaearth-soothing-baby-massage-oil-1.png,mamaearth-soothing-baby-massage-oil-1.png
"Mamaearth Tan Removal Regimen Combo of Ubtan face Wash, Ubtan Face Mask & Ubtan Face Scrub",NDMA15461,TRUE,1097,"Mamaearth Tan Removal Regimen Combo of Ubtan face Wash, Ubtan Face Mask & Ubtan Face Scrub","Complete Tan Removal Regimen: Includes Ubtan Face Wash, Face Scrub, and Face Mask to cleanse, exfoliate, and rejuvenate the skin for a brighter, tan-free look.

Enriched with Turmeric & Saffron: Turmeric helps brighten and soothe the skin, while Saffron enhances radiance and improves skin tone.

Gentle Exfoliation: Ubtan Face Scrub removes dead skin cells, unclogs pores, and improves skin texture for smooth, soft skin.

Deep Cleansing & Glow: Ubtan Face Wash removes dirt, excess oil, and impurities while brightening the complexion naturally.

Nourishing Face Mask: Ubtan Face Mask helps repair sun-damaged skin, tighten pores, and give a refreshed, glowing look.

Suitable for All Skin Types: Dermatologically tested and gentle for oily, dry, combination, and sensitive skin.

Toxin-Free Formula: Free from parabens, silicones, sulfates, mineral oil, and synthetic fragrances—100% safe and natural.",Mamaearth Tan Removal Ubtan Combo,"Mamaearth Tan Removal Regimen with Ubtan Face Wash, Scrub & Mask removes tan, brightens skin, and improves texture with Turmeric & Saffron. Natural and toxin-free.",1097,1000,300,25,25,1.3,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Oil","Mamaearth Ubtan Combo, Tan Removal Kit, Ubtan Face Wash, Ubtan Face Scrub, Ubtan Face Mask, Tan Removal Skincare, Brightening Skincare, Natural Face Care, Anti Tan Products, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,Combo of 3,"mamaearth-tan-removal-regimen-combo-of-ubtan-face-wash-ubtan-face-mask-ubtan-face-scrub-1.png, mamaearth-tan-removal-regimen-combo-of-ubtan-face-wash-ubtan-face-mask-ubtan-face-scrub-2.png, mamaearth-tan-removal-regimen-combo-of-ubtan-face-wash-ubtan-face-mask-ubtan-face-scrub-3.png",mamaearth-tan-removal-regimen-combo-of-ubtan-face-wash-ubtan-face-mask-ubtan-face-scrub-1.png,mamaearth-tan-removal-regimen-combo-of-ubtan-face-wash-ubtan-face-mask-ubtan-face-scrub-1.png
Mamaearth Wedding Glow Skincare Kit,NDMA15462,TRUE,1356,"A complete bridal glow skincare kit designed to brighten, hydrate, and rejuvenate skin with natural ingredients. Helps reduce dullness, improve texture, and give a radiant glow. Perfect for brides-to-be and all skin types. Toxin-free and dermatologically tested.","Complete Bridal Glow Routine: A specially curated kit that includes essential skincare products to enhance radiance, reduce dullness, and brighten your complexion naturally.

Boosts Natural Radiance: Packed with skin-brightening ingredients that deeply nourish and give a healthy, luminous glow—perfect for wedding-ready skin.

Hydrates & Rejuvenates Skin: Helps keep skin hydrated, soft, and plump while improving texture and reducing dryness.

Reduces Dark Spots & Pigmentation: Regular use helps fade marks, spots, and uneven tone for clearer, smoother skin.

Perfect for All Skin Types: Gentle, dermatologically tested formulas suitable for dry, oily, combination, and sensitive skin.

Toxin-Free & Safe: Made without parabens, sulfates, silicones, mineral oil, and artificial fragrances—100% safe for daily skincare.

Ideal for Brides-to-Be: Gives a naturally glowing look for pre-wedding skincare routines with long-lasting freshness and brightness.",Mamaearth Wedding Glow Skincare Kit,"Mamaearth Wedding Glow Skincare Kit brightens, hydrates, and rejuvenates skin for a radiant bridal glow. Natural, toxin-free, and suitable for all skin types.",1356,1000,430,25,25,1.3,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Skin & Personal Care","Mamaearth Glow Kit, Wedding Glow Kit, Bridal Skincare Kit, Mamaearth Skincare, Radiant Skin Kit, Skin Brightening Kit, Natural Skincare, Bridal Glow Products, Wedding Skin Care Routine, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,Combo of 4,"mamaearth-wedding-glow-skincare-kit-1.png, mamaearth-wedding-glow-skincare-kit-2.png, mamaearth-wedding-glow-skincare-kit-3.png",mamaearth-wedding-glow-skincare-kit-1.png,mamaearth-wedding-glow-skincare-kit-1.png
Mamaearth Onion Anti Hair Fall Express Kit with Shampoo + Conditioner for Hair Fall Control,NDMA15463,TRUE,698,Mamaearth Onion Anti Hair Fall Express Kit with Shampoo + Conditioner for Hair Fall Control,"Complete Hair Fall Control Kit: Includes Onion Shampoo and Conditioner designed to reduce hair fall, strengthen roots, and promote healthy hair growth.

Onion Power for Strong Roots: Packed with Onion Extract rich in sulfur that helps improve scalp health, reduce breakage, and boost hair strength.

Plant Keratin for Smoothness: Plant Keratin gently repairs damage, adds softness, and improves hair elasticity without weighing it down.

Deep Nourishment & Hydration: Conditioner enriched with nourishing oils that moisturize, detangle, and add shine while preventing frizz.

Safe for All Hair Types: Suitable for men and women with dry, oily, frizzy, or damaged hair. Gentle formula safe for regular use.

Toxin-Free & Natural: Free from sulfates, parabens, silicones, mineral oil, dyes, and artificial fragrances—ensuring healthy, clean hair care.

Promotes Healthy, Shiny Hair: Regular use leaves hair smooth, soft, and stronger from root to tip with visibly reduced hair fall.",Mamaearth Onion Hair Fall Control Kit,"Mamaearth Onion Anti Hair Fall Kit with Shampoo & Conditioner reduces hair fall, strengthens roots, and adds shine. Natural, safe, and suitable for all hair types.",698,1000,500,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Skin & Personal Care","Mamaearth Onion Kit, Onion Shampoo, Onion Conditioner, Hair Fall Control Kit, Anti Hair Fall Shampoo, Natural Hair Care, Hair Strengthening Shampoo, Plant Keratin Conditioner, Hair Growth Support, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,Pack of 2,"mamaearth-onion-anti-hair-fall-express-kit-with-shampoo-conditioner-for-hair-fall-control-1.png, mamaearth-onion-anti-hair-fall-express-kit-with-shampoo-conditioner-for-hair-fall-control-2.png, mamaearth-onion-anti-hair-fall-express-kit-with-shampoo-conditioner-for-hair-fall-control-3.png",mamaearth-onion-anti-hair-fall-express-kit-with-shampoo-conditioner-for-hair-fall-control-1.png,mamaearth-onion-anti-hair-fall-express-kit-with-shampoo-conditioner-for-hair-fall-control-1.png
Mamaearth Anti Acne Kit,NDMA15464,TRUE,1177,"A complete anti-acne skincare kit designed to reduce pimples, control oil, clear pores, and fade acne marks. Enriched with Tea Tree, Salicylic Acid, and Neem for clear, healthy skin. Suitable for acne-prone and sensitive skin. Toxin-free and dermatologically tested.","Complete Anti-Acne Solution: This kit includes a curated set of products that work together to reduce acne, prevent new breakouts, and improve skin clarity.

Controls Excess Oil: Helps balance sebum production to prevent clogged pores, blackheads, and whiteheads.

Fights Pimples & Bacteria: Enriched with Tea Tree and Salicylic Acid that reduce active acne, fight acne-causing bacteria, and soothe inflamed skin.

Reduces Acne Marks & Scars: Helps fade dark spots, post-acne marks, and uneven skin tone while improving skin texture.

Deep Cleansing & Pore Purifying: Clears dirt, impurities, and buildup from pores, promoting smoother and clearer skin.

Suitable for All Skin Types: Gentle, dermatologically tested formulas ideal for oily, acne-prone, combination, and sensitive skin.

Toxin-Free & Safe: Free from parabens, sulfates, silicones, mineral oil, artificial fragrance, and harmful chemicals — 100% safe for daily use.",Mamaearth Anti Acne Kit,"Mamaearth Anti Acne Kit reduces pimples, controls oil, fades acne marks, and clears pores using Tea Tree & Salicylic Acid. Gentle, effective, and toxin-free.",1177,1000,440,25,25,1.3,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Hair","Mamaearth Anti Acne Kit, Acne Control Kit, Anti Pimple Kit, Salicylic Acid Skincare, Tea Tree Skincare, Acne Marks Removal, Oil Control Skincare, Clear Skin Kit, Natural Acne Care, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,Pack of 3,"mamaearth-anti-acne-kit-1.png, mamaearth-anti-acne-kit-2.png, mamaearth-anti-acne-kit-3.png",mamaearth-anti-acne-kit-1.png,mamaearth-anti-acne-kit-1.png
Mamaearth Vitamin C Daily Glow Lumi Cream with Vitamin C and Turmeric for Moisturizing Glow,NDMA15465,TRUE,299,"A lightweight glow-boosting face cream with Vitamin C and Turmeric that brightens, hydrates, and adds an instant luminous finish. Reduces dullness, evens skin tone, and enhances natural radiance. Non-greasy, fast-absorbing, and suitable for all skin types. Toxin-free and dermatologically tested.","Instant Luminous Glow: Infused with Vitamin C and Turmeric, this Lumi Cream delivers instant brightness and a natural glow for healthy-looking skin.

Brightens & Evens Skin Tone: Vitamin C helps fade dullness, lighten dark spots, and even out pigmentation for a radiant finish.

Turmeric for Natural Radiance: Turmeric soothes skin, reduces inflammation, and boosts glow while improving skin clarity.

Lightweight & Non-Greasy: The quick-absorbing formula hydrates skin without stickiness, perfect for daily use under makeup or alone.

Hydrates & Softens Skin: Keeps skin moisturized, soft, and supple throughout the day.

Suitable for All Skin Types: Dermatologically tested and safe for oily, dry, combination, and sensitive skin.

Toxin-Free & Safe: Free from parabens, silicones, sulfates, mineral oil, dyes, and synthetic fragrances.",Mamaearth Vitamin C Daily Glow Lumi Cream,"Mamaearth Vitamin C Daily Glow Lumi Cream brightens, hydrates, and adds an instant glow with Vitamin C & Turmeric. Lightweight, non-greasy, and perfect for all skin types.",299,1000,30,25,25,1.4,4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Skin & Personal Care","Mamaearth Lumi Cream, Vitamin C Glow Cream, Daily Glow Cream, Turmeric Face Cream, Brightening Face Cream, Instant Glow Cream, Hydrating Lumi Cream, Natural Face Moisturizer, Radiant Skin Cream, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,30g,"mamaearth-vitamin-c-daily-glow-lumi-cream-with-vitamin-c-and-turmeric-for-moisturizing-glow-1.png, mamaearth-vitamin-c-daily-glow-lumi-cream-with-vitamin-c-and-turmeric-for-moisturizing-glow-2.png, mamaearth-vitamin-c-daily-glow-lumi-cream-with-vitamin-c-and-turmeric-for-moisturizing-glow-3.png",mamaearth-vitamin-c-daily-glow-lumi-cream-with-vitamin-c-and-turmeric-for-moisturizing-glow-1.png,mamaearth-vitamin-c-daily-glow-lumi-cream-with-vitamin-c-and-turmeric-for-moisturizing-glow-1.png
Mamaearth Beetroot Tinted,NDMA15466,TRUE,299,"Mamaearth Beetroot Tinted — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A carefully formulated product designed to deliver reliable results and a pleasant user experience. Suitable for everyday use and made with safe, skin-friendly ingredients. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,299,1000,2,25,25,1.4,30,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Skin & Personal Care",,Pack Size,2 g,"mamaearth-beetroot-tinted-1.png, mamaearth-beetroot-tinted-2.png, mamaearth-beetroot-tinted-3.png",mamaearth-beetroot-tinted-1.png,mamaearth-beetroot-tinted-1.png
Mamaearth Ubtan Body Scrub,NDMA15467,TRUE,499,"A gentle exfoliating body scrub enriched with Turmeric, Saffron, and Walnut Beads to remove tan, dead skin, and impurities. Brightens, smoothens, and improves skin texture. Natural, toxin-free, and suitable for all skin types.","Removes Tan & Dead Skin: Enriched with Turmeric and Walnut Beads, this body scrub gently exfoliates dead skin cells and helps remove suntan effectively.

Brightens & Smoothens Skin: Saffron and Turmeric boost radiance, improve skin tone, and give naturally glowing skin after every exfoliation.

Deep Cleansing Formula: Removes dirt, oil, and impurities from the surface of the skin, leaving it fresh and clean.

Improves Skin Texture: Regular use makes skin soft, smooth, and even-toned by reducing dryness and rough patches.

Gentle & Safe on Skin: Dermatologically tested and suitable for all skin types, including sensitive skin.

Toxin-Free & Natural: Free from parabens, sulfates, silicones, mineral oil, and artificial fragrances—100% safe and natural.",Mamaearth Ubtan Body Scrub,"Mamaearth Ubtan Body Scrub removes tan, exfoliates dead skin, and brightens with Turmeric & Saffron. Leaves skin smooth, glowing, and deeply cleansed.",499,1000,200,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Makeup","Mamaearth Body Scrub, Ubtan Body Scrub, Tan Removal Scrub, Turmeric Body Scrub, Saffron Body Scrub, Walnut Scrub, Natural Exfoliating Scrub, Skin Brightening Scrub, Smooth Skin Scrub, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,200 g,"mamaearth-ubtan-body-scrub-1.png, mamaearth-ubtan-body-scrub-2.png, mamaearth-ubtan-body-scrub-3.png",mamaearth-ubtan-body-scrub-1.png,mamaearth-ubtan-body-scrub-1.png
Mamaearth Soothing Waterproof Eyeliner,NDMA15468,TRUE,399,"A soothing, waterproof eyeliner enriched with natural ingredients for smooth application and long-lasting wear. Smudge-proof, irritation-free, and gentle on sensitive eyes. Delivers intense color, precise lines, and all-day comfort.","Waterproof & Smudge-Proof: Designed to stay put all day without smudging or fading, even in humid or watery conditions.

Soothing & Gentle Formula: Enriched with natural, calming ingredients that keep eyes comfortable and irritation-free, ideal for sensitive eyes.

Intense Black Finish: Delivers rich, bold pigment that enhances your eye look with clean, precise lines.

Smooth & Easy Application: Glides effortlessly across the eyelids with a precise tip for beginners and pros.

Long-Lasting Wear: Stays intact for hours without cracking or flaking, perfect for daily use and special occasions.

Toxin-Free & Safe: Free from parabens, silicones, mineral oil, and harmful chemicals—100% safe for everyday eye makeup.",Mamaearth Soothing Waterproof Eyeliner,"Mamaearth Soothing Waterproof Eyeliner offers long-lasting, smudge-proof wear with a gentle formula for sensitive eyes. Intense color, smooth glide, and toxin-free.",399,1000,3.5,25,25,1.4,25,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Skin & Personal Care","Mamaearth Soothing Waterproof Eyeliner offers long-lasting, smudge-proof wear with a gentle formula for sensitive eyes. Intense color, smooth glide, and toxin-free.",Pack Size,3.5 ml,"mamaearth-soothing-waterproof-eyeliner-1.png, mamaearth-soothing-waterproof-eyeliner-2.png, mamaearth-soothing-waterproof-eyeliner-3.png",mamaearth-soothing-waterproof-eyeliner-1.png,mamaearth-soothing-waterproof-eyeliner-1.png
Mamaearth Glow Serum Medium Foundation,NDMA15469,TRUE,599,"A lightweight glow serum foundation that blends seamlessly, gives medium coverage, and delivers a radiant finish. Enriched with Vitamin C and Turmeric to brighten, hydrate, and improve skin texture. Breathable, long-lasting, and suitable for all skin types. Toxin-free and dermatologically tested.","Serum + Foundation Formula: Combines the benefits of skincare and makeup with Vitamin C & Turmeric to give glowing, healthy-looking skin.

Natural Radiant Finish: Delivers a dewy glow while evening out skin tone for a smooth, flawless look.

Medium Coverage: Covers blemishes, dark spots, and redness without feeling heavy—perfect for daily wear.

Lightweight & Breathable: Serum-like texture blends effortlessly into the skin, allowing it to breathe while staying put for long hours.

Hydrates & Brightens Skin: Vitamin C boosts radiance and reduces dullness, while Turmeric soothes and enhances natural glow.

Long-Lasting Wear: Stays fresh and crease-free throughout the day without oxidizing.

Safe for All Skin Types: Dermatologically tested and suitable for dry, oily, combination, and sensitive skin.

Toxin-Free Formula: Free from parabens, mineral oil, silicones, and harmful chemicals",Mamaearth Glow Serum Medium Foundation,"Mamaearth Glow Serum Medium Foundation gives medium coverage and a radiant finish with Vitamin C & Turmeric. Lightweight, hydrating, long-lasting, and toxin-free.",599,1000,30,25,25,1.4,4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Makeup","Mamaearth Foundation, Glow Serum Foundation, Medium Foundation, Vitamin C Foundation, Turmeric Foundation, Radiant Finish Foundation, Natural Face Makeup, Medium Coverage Foundation, Dewy Foundation, Mamaearth Products",Pack Size,30 ml,"mamaearth-glow-serum-medium-foundation-1.png, mamaearth-glow-serum-medium-foundation-2.png, mamaearth-glow-serum-medium-foundation-3.png",mamaearth-glow-serum-medium-foundation-1.png,mamaearth-glow-serum-medium-foundation-1.png
Mamaearth Glow Oil Control Matte Compact SPF 30,NDMA15470,TRUE,499,"A lightweight matte compact with SPF 30 that controls oil, evens skin tone, and gives a natural glow. Enriched with Vitamin C & Turmeric, it provides sun protection, reduces shine, and keeps skin fresh all day. Suitable for all skin types and toxin-free.","A cosmetic product delivering reliable performance, comfortable wear, and a pleasant finish. Dermatologically tested and formulated for everyday use. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,499,1000,9,25,25,1.4,20,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Makeup",,Pack Size,9 g,"mamaearth-glow-oil-control-matte-compact-spf-30-1.png, mamaearth-glow-oil-control-matte-compact-spf-30-2.png, mamaearth-glow-oil-control-matte-compact-spf-30-3.png",mamaearth-glow-oil-control-matte-compact-spf-30-1.png,mamaearth-glow-oil-control-matte-compact-spf-30-1.png
Mamaearth Sulfate Free Awesome Orange Toothpaste For Kids With Fluoride,NDMA15471,TRUE,298,"Mamaearth Sulfate Free Awesome Orange Toothpaste For Kids With Fluoride — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.",A kid-friendly toothpaste with a pleasant flavor that gently cleans teeth and supports oral health. Formulated to be safe and effective for daily brushing. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.,,,298,1000,100,25,25,1.4,2,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Makeup",,Pack Size,Pack of 2,"mamaearth-sulfate-free-awesome-orange-toothpaste-for-kids-with-fluoride-1.png, mamaearth-sulfate-free-awesome-orange-toothpaste-for-kids-with-fluoride-2.png, mamaearth-sulfate-free-awesome-orange-toothpaste-for-kids-with-fluoride-3.png",mamaearth-sulfate-free-awesome-orange-toothpaste-for-kids-with-fluoride-1.png,mamaearth-sulfate-free-awesome-orange-toothpaste-for-kids-with-fluoride-1.png
Mamaearth Moisture Matte Longstay Lipstick-Bubblegum Nude,NDMA15472,TRUE,499,"Mamaearth Moisture Matte Longstay Lipstick-Bubblegum Nude — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A cosmetic product delivering reliable performance, comfortable wear, and a pleasant finish. Dermatologically tested and formulated for everyday use. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,499,1000,2,25,25,1.4,30,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Oral Care",,Pack Size,2 g,"mamaearth-moisture-matte-longstay-lipstick-bubblegum-nude-1.png, mamaearth-moisture-matte-longstay-lipstick-bubblegum-nude-2.png, mamaearth-moisture-matte-longstay-lipstick-bubblegum-nude-3.png",mamaearth-moisture-matte-longstay-lipstick-bubblegum-nude-1.png,mamaearth-moisture-matte-longstay-lipstick-bubblegum-nude-1.png
Mamaearth Moisture Matte Longstay Lipstick - Citrus Nude,NDMA15473,TRUE,499,"Mamaearth Moisture Matte Longstay Lipstick - Citrus Nude — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A cosmetic product delivering reliable performance, comfortable wear, and a pleasant finish. Dermatologically tested and formulated for everyday use. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,499,1000,2,25,25,1.4,30,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Makeup",,Pack Size,2 g,"mamaearth-moisture-matte-longstay-lipstick-citrus-nude-1.png, mamaearth-moisture-matte-longstay-lipstick-citrus-nude-2.png, mamaearth-moisture-matte-longstay-lipstick-citrus-nude-3.png",mamaearth-moisture-matte-longstay-lipstick-citrus-nude-1.png,mamaearth-moisture-matte-longstay-lipstick-citrus-nude-1.png
Mamaearth Charcoal Black Long Stay Kajal with Vitamin C & Chamomile for 11-Hour Smudge-free Stay,NDMA15474,TRUE,299,"Mamaearth Charcoal Black Long Stay Kajal with Vitamin C & Chamomile for 11-Hour Smudge-free Stay — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A cosmetic product delivering reliable performance, comfortable wear, and a pleasant finish. Dermatologically tested and formulated for everyday use. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,299,1000,100,25,25,1.4,2,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Makeup",,Pack Size,0.35g,"mamaearth-charcoal-black-long-stay-kajal-with-vitamin-c-chamomile-for-11-hour-smudge-free-stay-1.png, mamaearth-charcoal-black-long-stay-kajal-with-vitamin-c-chamomile-for-11-hour-smudge-free-stay-2.png, mamaearth-charcoal-black-long-stay-kajal-with-vitamin-c-chamomile-for-11-hour-smudge-free-stay-3.png",mamaearth-charcoal-black-long-stay-kajal-with-vitamin-c-chamomile-for-11-hour-smudge-free-stay-1.png,mamaearth-charcoal-black-long-stay-kajal-with-vitamin-c-chamomile-for-11-hour-smudge-free-stay-1.png
Mamaearth Ultra Light Indian Sunscreen,NDMA15475,TRUE,399,"Mamaearth Ultra Light Indian Sunscreen — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A carefully formulated product designed to deliver reliable results and a pleasant user experience. Suitable for everyday use and made with safe, skin-friendly ingredients. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,399,1000,50,25,25,1.6,3,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Makeup",,Pack Size,50g,"mamaearth-ultra-light-indian-sunscreen-1.png, mamaearth-ultra-light-indian-sunscreen-2.png, mamaearth-ultra-light-indian-sunscreen-3.png",mamaearth-ultra-light-indian-sunscreen-1.png,mamaearth-ultra-light-indian-sunscreen-1.png
Mamaearth Ultra Light Indian Sunscreen,NDMA15476,TRUE,499,"Mamaearth Ultra Light Indian Sunscreen — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A carefully formulated product designed to deliver reliable results and a pleasant user experience. Suitable for everyday use and made with safe, skin-friendly ingredients. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,499,1000,80,25,25,1.4,2.5,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Skin & Personal Care",,Pack Size,80g,"mamaearth-ultra-light-indian-sunscreen-1.png, mamaearth-ultra-light-indian-sunscreen-2.png, mamaearth-ultra-light-indian-sunscreen-3.png",mamaearth-ultra-light-indian-sunscreen-1.png,mamaearth-ultra-light-indian-sunscreen-1.png
Mamaearth Aloe Turmeric Gel,NDMA15477,TRUE,249,"Mamaearth Aloe Turmeric Gel — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A carefully formulated product designed to deliver reliable results and a pleasant user experience. Suitable for everyday use and made with safe, skin-friendly ingredients. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,249,1000,150,25,25,1.4,1.8,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Skin & Personal Care",,Pack Size,150 ml,"mamaearth-aloe-turmeric-gel-1.png, mamaearth-aloe-turmeric-gel-2.png, mamaearth-aloe-turmeric-gel-3.png",mamaearth-aloe-turmeric-gel-1.png,mamaearth-aloe-turmeric-gel-1.png
Mamaearth Aloe Turmeric Gel,NDMA15478,TRUE,349,"Mamaearth Aloe Turmeric Gel — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A carefully formulated product designed to deliver reliable results and a pleasant user experience. Suitable for everyday use and made with safe, skin-friendly ingredients. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,349,1000,300,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Skin & Personal Care",,Pack Size,300 ml,"mamaearth-aloe-turmeric-gel-1.png, mamaearth-aloe-turmeric-gel-2.png, mamaearth-aloe-turmeric-gel-3.png",mamaearth-aloe-turmeric-gel-1.png,mamaearth-aloe-turmeric-gel-1.png
Mamaearth Onion Conditioner for Hair Fall Control,NDMA15479,TRUE,559,"Mamaearth Onion Conditioner for Hair Fall Control — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A carefully formulated product designed to deliver reliable results and a pleasant user experience. Suitable for everyday use and made with safe, skin-friendly ingredients. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,559,1000,400,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Skin & Personal Care",,,400ml,"mamaearth-onion-conditioner-for-hair-fall-control-1.png, mamaearth-onion-conditioner-for-hair-fall-control-2.png, mamaearth-onion-conditioner-for-hair-fall-control-3.png",mamaearth-onion-conditioner-for-hair-fall-control-1.png,mamaearth-onion-conditioner-for-hair-fall-control-1.png
Mamaearth Tea Tree Anti Dandruff Hair Mask,NDMA15380,TRUE,599,"Mamaearth Tea Tree Anti Dandruff Hair Mask — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A carefully formulated product designed to deliver reliable results and a pleasant user experience. Suitable for everyday use and made with safe, skin-friendly ingredients. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,599,1000,200,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Hair",,Pack Size,200 ml,"mamaearth-tea-tree-anti-dandruff-hair-mask-1.png, mamaearth-tea-tree-anti-dandruff-hair-mask-2.png, mamaearth-tea-tree-anti-dandruff-hair-mask-3.png",mamaearth-tea-tree-anti-dandruff-hair-mask-1.png,mamaearth-tea-tree-anti-dandruff-hair-mask-1.png
Mamaearth BhringAmla Hair Mask with Bhringraj and Amla for Intense Hair Treatment,NDMA15381,TRUE,599,"Mamaearth BhringAmla Hair Mask with Bhringraj and Amla for Intense Hair Treatment — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A carefully formulated product designed to deliver reliable results and a pleasant user experience. Suitable for everyday use and made with safe, skin-friendly ingredients. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,599,1000,200,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Hair",,Pack Size,200 g,"mamaearth-bhringamla-hair-mask-with-bhringraj-and-amla-for-intense-hair-treatment-1.png, mamaearth-bhringamla-hair-mask-with-bhringraj-and-amla-for-intense-hair-treatment-2.png, mamaearth-bhringamla-hair-mask-with-bhringraj-and-amla-for-intense-hair-treatment-3.png",mamaearth-bhringamla-hair-mask-with-bhringraj-and-amla-for-intense-hair-treatment-1.png,mamaearth-bhringamla-hair-mask-with-bhringraj-and-amla-for-intense-hair-treatment-1.png
Mamaearth Apple Cider Vinegar Hair Mask with Organic Apple Cider Vinegar and Biotin for Long and Shiny Hair,NDMA15382,TRUE,599,"Mamaearth Apple Cider Vinegar Hair Mask with Organic Apple Cider Vinegar and Biotin for Long and Shiny Hair — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A carefully formulated product designed to deliver reliable results and a pleasant user experience. Suitable for everyday use and made with safe, skin-friendly ingredients. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,599,1000,200,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Hair",,Pack Size,200 g,"mamaearth-apple-cider-vinegar-hair-mask-with-organic-apple-cider-vinegar-and-biotin-for-long-and-shiny-hair-1.png, mamaearth-apple-cider-vinegar-hair-mask-with-organic-apple-cider-vinegar-and-biotin-for-long-and-shiny-hair-2.png, mamaearth-apple-cider-vinegar-hair-mask-with-organic-apple-cider-vinegar-and-biotin-for-long-and-shiny-hair-3.png",mamaearth-apple-cider-vinegar-hair-mask-with-organic-apple-cider-vinegar-and-biotin-for-long-and-shiny-hair-1.png,mamaearth-apple-cider-vinegar-hair-mask-with-organic-apple-cider-vinegar-and-biotin-for-long-and-shiny-hair-1.png
Mamaearth Aloe Vera Gel for Skin and Hair,NDMA15383,TRUE,374,"Mamaearth Aloe Vera Gel for Skin and Hair — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A carefully formulated product designed to deliver reliable results and a pleasant user experience. Suitable for everyday use and made with safe, skin-friendly ingredients. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,374,1000,300,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Hair",,Pack Size,300 ml,"mamaearth-aloe-vera-gel-for-skin-and-hair-1.png, mamaearth-aloe-vera-gel-for-skin-and-hair-2.png, mamaearth-aloe-vera-gel-for-skin-and-hair-3.png",mamaearth-aloe-vera-gel-for-skin-and-hair-1.png,mamaearth-aloe-vera-gel-for-skin-and-hair-1.png
Mamaearth Aloe Turmeric Gel for Skin and Hair,NDMA15384,TRUE,349,"Mamaearth Aloe Turmeric Gel for Skin and Hair — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A carefully formulated product designed to deliver reliable results and a pleasant user experience. Suitable for everyday use and made with safe, skin-friendly ingredients. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,349,1000,300,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Skin & Personal Care",,Pack Size,300 ml,"mamaearth-aloe-turmeric-gel-for-skin-and-hair-1.png, mamaearth-aloe-turmeric-gel-for-skin-and-hair-2.png, mamaearth-aloe-turmeric-gel-for-skin-and-hair-3.png",mamaearth-aloe-turmeric-gel-for-skin-and-hair-1.png,mamaearth-aloe-turmeric-gel-for-skin-and-hair-1.png
"Mamaearth Rice Water Conditioner with Rice Water and Keratin for Damaged, Dry and Frizzy Hair",NDMA15385,TRUE,99,"Mamaearth Rice Water Conditioner with Rice Water and Keratin for Damaged, Dry and Frizzy Hair — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A carefully formulated product designed to deliver reliable results and a pleasant user experience. Suitable for everyday use and made with safe, skin-friendly ingredients. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,99,1000,25,25,25,2,4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Skin & Personal Care",,Pack Size,25 ml,"mamaearth-rice-water-conditioner-with-rice-water-and-keratin-for-damaged-dry-and-frizzy-hair-1.png, mamaearth-rice-water-conditioner-with-rice-water-and-keratin-for-damaged-dry-and-frizzy-hair-2.png, mamaearth-rice-water-conditioner-with-rice-water-and-keratin-for-damaged-dry-and-frizzy-hair-3.png",mamaearth-rice-water-conditioner-with-rice-water-and-keratin-for-damaged-dry-and-frizzy-hair-1.png,mamaearth-rice-water-conditioner-with-rice-water-and-keratin-for-damaged-dry-and-frizzy-hair-1.png
"Mamaearth Rice Water Shampoo With Rice Water and Keratin For Damaged, Dry and Frizzy Hair",NDMA15386,TRUE,99,"Mamaearth Rice Water Shampoo With Rice Water and Keratin For Damaged, Dry and Frizzy Hair — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A mild and nourishing shampoo that cleanses the scalp without stripping natural oils. Formulated to reduce damage, improve hair texture, and leave hair soft and manageable. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,99,1000,25,25,25,2,4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Hair",,Pack Size,25 ml,"mamaearth-rice-water-shampoo-with-rice-water-and-keratin-for-damaged-dry-and-frizzy-hair-1.png, mamaearth-rice-water-shampoo-with-rice-water-and-keratin-for-damaged-dry-and-frizzy-hair-2.png, mamaearth-rice-water-shampoo-with-rice-water-and-keratin-for-damaged-dry-and-frizzy-hair-3.png",mamaearth-rice-water-shampoo-with-rice-water-and-keratin-for-damaged-dry-and-frizzy-hair-1.png,mamaearth-rice-water-shampoo-with-rice-water-and-keratin-for-damaged-dry-and-frizzy-hair-1.png
Mamaearth Onion Conditioner for Hair Growth and Hair Fall Control with Onion and Coconut,NDMA15387,TRUE,99,"Mamaearth Onion Conditioner for Hair Growth and Hair Fall Control with Onion and Coconut — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A carefully formulated product designed to deliver reliable results and a pleasant user experience. Suitable for everyday use and made with safe, skin-friendly ingredients. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,99,1000,25,25,25,2,4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Hair",,Pack Size,25 ml,"mamaearth-onion-conditioner-for-hair-growth-and-hair-fall-control-with-onion-and-coconut-1.png, mamaearth-onion-conditioner-for-hair-growth-and-hair-fall-control-with-onion-and-coconut-2.png, mamaearth-onion-conditioner-for-hair-growth-and-hair-fall-control-with-onion-and-coconut-3.png",mamaearth-onion-conditioner-for-hair-growth-and-hair-fall-control-with-onion-and-coconut-1.png,mamaearth-onion-conditioner-for-hair-growth-and-hair-fall-control-with-onion-and-coconut-1.png
Mamaearth Henna Shampoo with Henna and Deep Roast Coffee for Premature Greying,NDMA15388,TRUE,99,"Mamaearth Henna Shampoo with Henna and Deep Roast Coffee for Premature Greying — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A mild and nourishing shampoo that cleanses the scalp without stripping natural oils. Formulated to reduce damage, improve hair texture, and leave hair soft and manageable. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,99,1000,20,25,25,2,5,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Hair",,Pack Size,20 ml,"mamaearth-henna-shampoo-with-henna-and-deep-roast-coffee-for-premature-greying-1.png, mamaearth-henna-shampoo-with-henna-and-deep-roast-coffee-for-premature-greying-2.png, mamaearth-henna-shampoo-with-henna-and-deep-roast-coffee-for-premature-greying-3.png",mamaearth-henna-shampoo-with-henna-and-deep-roast-coffee-for-premature-greying-1.png,mamaearth-henna-shampoo-with-henna-and-deep-roast-coffee-for-premature-greying-1.png
Mamaearth Aloe Turmeric Gel for Skin and Hair,NDMA15389,TRUE,249,"Mamaearth Aloe Turmeric Gel for Skin and Hair — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A carefully formulated product designed to deliver reliable results and a pleasant user experience. Suitable for everyday use and made with safe, skin-friendly ingredients. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,249,1000,150,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Hair",,Pack Size,150 ml,"mamaearth-aloe-turmeric-gel-for-skin-and-hair-1.png, mamaearth-aloe-turmeric-gel-for-skin-and-hair-2.png, mamaearth-aloe-turmeric-gel-for-skin-and-hair-3.png",mamaearth-aloe-turmeric-gel-for-skin-and-hair-1.png,mamaearth-aloe-turmeric-gel-for-skin-and-hair-1.png
Mamaearth Aloe Vera Gel with Pure Aloe Vera & Vitamin E for Skin and Hair,NDMA15390,TRUE,638,"Mamaearth Aloe Vera Gel with Pure Aloe Vera & Vitamin E for Skin and Hair — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A carefully formulated product designed to deliver reliable results and a pleasant user experience. Suitable for everyday use and made with safe, skin-friendly ingredients. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,638,1000,600,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Skin & Personal Care",,Pack Size,300 ml (Pack of 2),"mamaearth-aloe-vera-gel-with-pure-aloe-vera-vitamin-e-for-skin-and-hair-1.png, mamaearth-aloe-vera-gel-with-pure-aloe-vera-vitamin-e-for-skin-and-hair-2.png, mamaearth-aloe-vera-gel-with-pure-aloe-vera-vitamin-e-for-skin-and-hair-3.png",mamaearth-aloe-vera-gel-with-pure-aloe-vera-vitamin-e-for-skin-and-hair-1.png,mamaearth-aloe-vera-gel-with-pure-aloe-vera-vitamin-e-for-skin-and-hair-1.png
Mamaearth Onion Hair Styling Cream for Men with Onion & Redensyl for Nourishment & Styling,NDMA15391,TRUE,299,"Mamaearth Onion Hair Styling Cream for Men with Onion & Redensyl for Nourishment & Styling — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A targeted skincare formula designed to improve skin texture and address specific concerns. Lightweight, fast-absorbing, and safe for regular use. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,299,1000,100,25,25,1.4,2,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Hair",,Pack Size,100 g,"mamaearth-onion-hair-styling-cream-for-men-with-onion-redensyl-for-nourishment-styling-1.png, mamaearth-onion-hair-styling-cream-for-men-with-onion-redensyl-for-nourishment-styling-2.png, mamaearth-onion-hair-styling-cream-for-men-with-onion-redensyl-for-nourishment-styling-3.png",mamaearth-onion-hair-styling-cream-for-men-with-onion-redensyl-for-nourishment-styling-1.png,mamaearth-onion-hair-styling-cream-for-men-with-onion-redensyl-for-nourishment-styling-1.png
Mamaearth Damage Repair Combo,NDMA15392,TRUE,698,"Mamaearth Damage Repair Combo — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A carefully formulated product designed to deliver reliable results and a pleasant user experience. Suitable for everyday use and made with safe, skin-friendly ingredients. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,698,1000,500,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Hair",,Pack Size,500 ml (Combo of 2),"mamaearth-damage-repair-combo-1.png, mamaearth-damage-repair-combo-2.png, mamaearth-damage-repair-combo-3.png",mamaearth-damage-repair-combo-1.png,mamaearth-damage-repair-combo-1.png
Mamaearth Intense Hair Treatment Kit,NDMA15393,TRUE,1197,"Mamaearth Intense Hair Treatment Kit — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A carefully formulated product designed to deliver reliable results and a pleasant user experience. Suitable for everyday use and made with safe, skin-friendly ingredients. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,1197,1000,750,25,25,1.3,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Hair",,Pack Size,750 ml,"mamaearth-intense-hair-treatment-kit-1.png, mamaearth-intense-hair-treatment-kit-2.png, mamaearth-intense-hair-treatment-kit-3.png",mamaearth-intense-hair-treatment-kit-1.png,mamaearth-intense-hair-treatment-kit-1.png
"Mamaearth Milky Soft Shampoo with Oats, Milk and Calendula for Babies",NDMA15394,TRUE,449,"Mamaearth Milky Soft Shampoo with Oats, Milk and Calendula for Babies — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A mild and nourishing shampoo that cleanses the scalp without stripping natural oils. Formulated to reduce damage, improve hair texture, and leave hair soft and manageable. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,449,1000,400,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Beauty,Hair",,Pack Size,400 ml,"mamaearth-milky-soft-shampoo-with-oats-milk-and-calendula-for-babies-1.png, mamaearth-milky-soft-shampoo-with-oats-milk-and-calendula-for-babies-2.png, mamaearth-milky-soft-shampoo-with-oats-milk-and-calendula-for-babies-3.png",mamaearth-milky-soft-shampoo-with-oats-milk-and-calendula-for-babies-1.png,mamaearth-milky-soft-shampoo-with-oats-milk-and-calendula-for-babies-1.png
Mamaearth Gentle Cleansing Shampoo,NDMA15395,TRUE,199,"Mamaearth Gentle Cleansing Shampoo — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A mild and nourishing shampoo that cleanses the scalp without stripping natural oils. Formulated to reduce damage, improve hair texture, and leave hair soft and manageable. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,199,1000,200,25,25,2,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Hair Care",,Pack Size,200 ml,"mamaearth-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-1.png, mamaearth-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-2.png, mamaearth-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-3.png",mamaearth-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-1.png,mamaearth-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-1.png
Mamaearth Gentle Cleansing Shampoo,NDMA15396,TRUE,399,"Mamaearth Gentle Cleansing Shampoo — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A mild and nourishing shampoo that cleanses the scalp without stripping natural oils. Formulated to reduce damage, improve hair texture, and leave hair soft and manageable. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,399,1000,400,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Hair Care",,Pack Size,400 ml,"mamaearth-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-1.png, mamaearth-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-2.png, mamaearth-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-3.png",mamaearth-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-1.png,mamaearth-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-1.png
Mamaearth Foaming Face Wash For Kids With Aloe Vera & Coconut For Gentle Cleansing,NDMA15397,TRUE,449,"Mamaearth Foaming Face Wash For Kids With Aloe Vera & Coconut For Gentle Cleansing — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A targeted skincare formula designed to improve skin texture and address specific concerns. Lightweight, fast-absorbing, and safe for regular use. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,449,1000,400,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Hair Care",,Pack Size,400 ml,"mamaearth-foaming-face-wash-for-kids-with-aloe-vera-coconut-for-gentle-cleansing-1.png, mamaearth-foaming-face-wash-for-kids-with-aloe-vera-coconut-for-gentle-cleansing-2.png, mamaearth-foaming-face-wash-for-kids-with-aloe-vera-coconut-for-gentle-cleansing-3.png",mamaearth-foaming-face-wash-for-kids-with-aloe-vera-coconut-for-gentle-cleansing-1.png,mamaearth-foaming-face-wash-for-kids-with-aloe-vera-coconut-for-gentle-cleansing-1.png
Mamaearth Moisturizing Daily Lotion For Babies,NDMA15398,TRUE,399,"Mamaearth Moisturizing Daily Lotion For Babies — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.",A lightweight lotion that provides long-lasting hydration and maintains skin softness. Absorbs quickly without a greasy finish and is suitable for daily use. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.,,,399,1000,400,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care",,Pack Size,400 ml,"mamaearth-moisturizing-daily-lotion-for-babies-1.png, mamaearth-moisturizing-daily-lotion-for-babies-2.png, mamaearth-moisturizing-daily-lotion-for-babies-3.png",mamaearth-moisturizing-daily-lotion-for-babies-1.png,mamaearth-moisturizing-daily-lotion-for-babies-1.png
Mamaearth Coco Soft Body Lotion with Coconut Milk & Turmeric for 24-Hour Moisturization,NDMA15399,TRUE,449,"Mamaearth Coco Soft Body Lotion with Coconut Milk & Turmeric for 24-Hour Moisturization — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.",A lightweight lotion that provides long-lasting hydration and maintains skin softness. Absorbs quickly without a greasy finish and is suitable for daily use. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.,,,449,1000,400,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care",,Pack Size,400 ml,"mamaearth-coco-soft-body-lotion-with-coconut-milk-turmeric-for-24-hour-moisturization-1.png, mamaearth-coco-soft-body-lotion-with-coconut-milk-turmeric-for-24-hour-moisturization-2.png, mamaearth-coco-soft-body-lotion-with-coconut-milk-turmeric-for-24-hour-moisturization-3.png",mamaearth-coco-soft-body-lotion-with-coconut-milk-turmeric-for-24-hour-moisturization-1.png,mamaearth-coco-soft-body-lotion-with-coconut-milk-turmeric-for-24-hour-moisturization-1.png
"Mamaearth Milky Soft Body Lotion for Babies with Oats, Milk and Calendula",NDMA15400,TRUE,449,"Mamaearth Milky Soft Body Lotion for Babies with Oats, Milk and Calendula — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.",A lightweight lotion that provides long-lasting hydration and maintains skin softness. Absorbs quickly without a greasy finish and is suitable for daily use. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.,,,449,1000,400,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care",,Pack Size,400 ml,"mamaearth-milky-soft-body-lotion-for-babies-with-oats-milk-and-calendula-1.png, mamaearth-milky-soft-body-lotion-for-babies-with-oats-milk-and-calendula-2.png, mamaearth-milky-soft-body-lotion-for-babies-with-oats-milk-and-calendula-3.png",mamaearth-milky-soft-body-lotion-for-babies-with-oats-milk-and-calendula-1.png,mamaearth-milky-soft-body-lotion-for-babies-with-oats-milk-and-calendula-1.png
Mamaearth Moisturizing Daily Lotion For Babies,NDMA15401,TRUE,199,"Mamaearth Moisturizing Daily Lotion For Babies — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.",A lightweight lotion that provides long-lasting hydration and maintains skin softness. Absorbs quickly without a greasy finish and is suitable for daily use. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.,,,199,1000,200,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care",,Pack Size,200 ml,"mamaearth-moisturizing-daily-lotion-for-babies-1.png, mamaearth-moisturizing-daily-lotion-for-babies-2.png, mamaearth-moisturizing-daily-lotion-for-babies-3.png",mamaearth-moisturizing-daily-lotion-for-babies-1.png,mamaearth-moisturizing-daily-lotion-for-babies-1.png
Mamaearth Super Strawberry Body Lotion for Kids With Strawberry & Shea Butter,NDMA15402,TRUE,399,"Mamaearth Super Strawberry Body Lotion for Kids With Strawberry & Shea Butter — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.",A lightweight lotion that provides long-lasting hydration and maintains skin softness. Absorbs quickly without a greasy finish and is suitable for daily use. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.,,,399,1000,400,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care",,Pack Size,400 ml,"mamaearth-super-strawberry-body-lotion-for-kids-with-strawberry-shea-butter-1.png, mamaearth-super-strawberry-body-lotion-for-kids-with-strawberry-shea-butter-2.png, mamaearth-super-strawberry-body-lotion-for-kids-with-strawberry-shea-butter-3.png",mamaearth-super-strawberry-body-lotion-for-kids-with-strawberry-shea-butter-1.png,mamaearth-super-strawberry-body-lotion-for-kids-with-strawberry-shea-butter-1.png
Mamaearth Brave Blueberry Body Lotion For Kids with Blueberry and Kokum Butter,NDMA15403,TRUE,399,"Mamaearth Brave Blueberry Body Lotion For Kids with Blueberry and Kokum Butter — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.",A lightweight lotion that provides long-lasting hydration and maintains skin softness. Absorbs quickly without a greasy finish and is suitable for daily use. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.,,,399,1000,400,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care",,Pack Size,400 ml,"mamaearth-brave-blueberry-body-lotion-for-kids-with-blueberry-and-kokum-butter-1.png, mamaearth-brave-blueberry-body-lotion-for-kids-with-blueberry-and-kokum-butter-2.png, mamaearth-brave-blueberry-body-lotion-for-kids-with-blueberry-and-kokum-butter-3.png",mamaearth-brave-blueberry-body-lotion-for-kids-with-blueberry-and-kokum-butter-1.png,mamaearth-brave-blueberry-body-lotion-for-kids-with-blueberry-and-kokum-butter-1.png
Mamaearth Baby Essential Hamper Kit-Kit Size-1280 g,NDMA15404,TRUE,1243,"Mamaearth Baby Essential Hamper Kit-Kit Size-1280 g — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A carefully formulated product designed to deliver reliable results and a pleasant user experience. Suitable for everyday use and made with safe, skin-friendly ingredients. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,1243,1000,1280,25,25,1.3,1.3,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care",,Pack Size,1280 g,"mamaearth-baby-essential-hamper-kit-kit-size-1280-g-1.png, mamaearth-baby-essential-hamper-kit-kit-size-1280-g-2.png, mamaearth-baby-essential-hamper-kit-kit-size-1280-g-3.png",mamaearth-baby-essential-hamper-kit-kit-size-1280-g-1.png,mamaearth-baby-essential-hamper-kit-kit-size-1280-g-1.png
Mamaearth Original Orange Body Lotion For Kids With Orange & Shea Butter,NDMA15405,TRUE,399,"Mamaearth Original Orange Body Lotion For Kids With Orange & Shea Butter — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.",A lightweight lotion that provides long-lasting hydration and maintains skin softness. Absorbs quickly without a greasy finish and is suitable for daily use. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.,,,399,1000,400,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Gift Set",,Pack Size,400 ml,"mamaearth-original-orange-body-lotion-for-kids-with-orange-shea-butter-1.png, mamaearth-original-orange-body-lotion-for-kids-with-orange-shea-butter-2.png, mamaearth-original-orange-body-lotion-for-kids-with-orange-shea-butter-3.png",mamaearth-original-orange-body-lotion-for-kids-with-orange-shea-butter-1.png,mamaearth-original-orange-body-lotion-for-kids-with-orange-shea-butter-1.png
Mamaearth Winter Essential Kit For Babies-Kit Size-918 ml,NDMA15406,TRUE,1243,"Mamaearth Winter Essential Kit For Babies-Kit Size-918 ml — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A carefully formulated product designed to deliver reliable results and a pleasant user experience. Suitable for everyday use and made with safe, skin-friendly ingredients. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,1243,1000,918,25,25,1.3,1.3,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care",,Pack Size,918 ml,"mamaearth-winter-essential-kit-for-babies-kit-size-918-ml-1.png, mamaearth-winter-essential-kit-for-babies-kit-size-918-ml-2.png, mamaearth-winter-essential-kit-for-babies-kit-size-918-ml-3.png",mamaearth-winter-essential-kit-for-babies-kit-size-918-ml-1.png,mamaearth-winter-essential-kit-for-babies-kit-size-918-ml-1.png
Mamaearth Welcome Baby Essential Kit-Kit Size-780 g,NDMA15407,TRUE,1193,"Mamaearth Welcome Baby Essential Kit-Kit Size-780 g — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A carefully formulated product designed to deliver reliable results and a pleasant user experience. Suitable for everyday use and made with safe, skin-friendly ingredients. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,1193,1000,780,25,25,1.3,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Gift Set",,Pack Size,780 g,"mamaearth-welcome-baby-essential-kit-kit-size-780-g-1.png, mamaearth-welcome-baby-essential-kit-kit-size-780-g-2.png, mamaearth-welcome-baby-essential-kit-kit-size-780-g-3.png",mamaearth-welcome-baby-essential-kit-kit-size-780-g-1.png,mamaearth-welcome-baby-essential-kit-kit-size-780-g-1.png
Mamaearth Major Mango Body Lotion For Kids with Mango Butter & Milk Protein,NDMA15408,TRUE,399,"Mamaearth Major Mango Body Lotion For Kids with Mango Butter & Milk Protein — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.",A lightweight lotion that provides long-lasting hydration and maintains skin softness. Absorbs quickly without a greasy finish and is suitable for daily use. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.,,,399,1000,400,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Gift Set",,Pack Size,400 ml,"mamaearth-major-mango-body-lotion-for-kids-with-mango-butter-milk-protein-1.png, mamaearth-major-mango-body-lotion-for-kids-with-mango-butter-milk-protein-2.png, mamaearth-major-mango-body-lotion-for-kids-with-mango-butter-milk-protein-3.png",mamaearth-major-mango-body-lotion-for-kids-with-mango-butter-milk-protein-1.png,mamaearth-major-mango-body-lotion-for-kids-with-mango-butter-milk-protein-1.png
Mamaearth Super Strawberry Body Lotion for Kids With Strawberry & Shea Butter,NDMA15409,TRUE,798,"Mamaearth Super Strawberry Body Lotion for Kids With Strawberry & Shea Butter — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.",A lightweight lotion that provides long-lasting hydration and maintains skin softness. Absorbs quickly without a greasy finish and is suitable for daily use. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.,,,798,1000,800,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care",,Pack Size,400 ml (Pack of 2),"mamaearth-super-strawberry-body-lotion-for-kids-with-strawberry-shea-butter-1.png, mamaearth-super-strawberry-body-lotion-for-kids-with-strawberry-shea-butter-2.png, mamaearth-super-strawberry-body-lotion-for-kids-with-strawberry-shea-butter-3.png",mamaearth-super-strawberry-body-lotion-for-kids-with-strawberry-shea-butter-1.png,mamaearth-super-strawberry-body-lotion-for-kids-with-strawberry-shea-butter-1.png
Mamaearth Original Orange Body Lotion For Kids With Orange & Shea Butter,NDMA15410,TRUE,798,"Mamaearth Original Orange Body Lotion For Kids With Orange & Shea Butter — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.",A lightweight lotion that provides long-lasting hydration and maintains skin softness. Absorbs quickly without a greasy finish and is suitable for daily use. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.,,,798,1000,800,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care",,Pack Size,400 ml (Pack of 2),"mamaearth-original-orange-body-lotion-for-kids-with-orange-shea-butter-1.png, mamaearth-original-orange-body-lotion-for-kids-with-orange-shea-butter-2.png, mamaearth-original-orange-body-lotion-for-kids-with-orange-shea-butter-3.png",mamaearth-original-orange-body-lotion-for-kids-with-orange-shea-butter-1.png,mamaearth-original-orange-body-lotion-for-kids-with-orange-shea-butter-1.png
Mamaearth Major Mango Body Lotion For Kids with Mango Butter & Milk Protein,NDMA15411,TRUE,798,"Mamaearth Major Mango Body Lotion For Kids with Mango Butter & Milk Protein — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.",A lightweight lotion that provides long-lasting hydration and maintains skin softness. Absorbs quickly without a greasy finish and is suitable for daily use. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.,,,798,1000,800,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care",,Pack Size,400 ml (Pack of 2),"mamaearth-major-mango-body-lotion-for-kids-with-mango-butter-milk-protein-1.png, mamaearth-major-mango-body-lotion-for-kids-with-mango-butter-milk-protein-2.png, mamaearth-major-mango-body-lotion-for-kids-with-mango-butter-milk-protein-3.png",mamaearth-major-mango-body-lotion-for-kids-with-mango-butter-milk-protein-1.png,mamaearth-major-mango-body-lotion-for-kids-with-mango-butter-milk-protein-1.png
Mamaearth Agent Apple Body Lotion for Kids with Apple & Oat Milk,NDMA15412,TRUE,399,"Mamaearth Agent Apple Body Lotion for Kids with Apple & Oat Milk — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.",A lightweight lotion that provides long-lasting hydration and maintains skin softness. Absorbs quickly without a greasy finish and is suitable for daily use. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.,,,399,1000,400,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care",,Pack Size,400 ml,"mamaearth-agent-apple-body-lotion-for-kids-with-apple-oat-milk-1.png, mamaearth-agent-apple-body-lotion-for-kids-with-apple-oat-milk-2.png, mamaearth-agent-apple-body-lotion-for-kids-with-apple-oat-milk-3.png",mamaearth-agent-apple-body-lotion-for-kids-with-apple-oat-milk-1.png,mamaearth-agent-apple-body-lotion-for-kids-with-apple-oat-milk-1.png
Mamaearth Agent Apple Body Lotion for Kids with Apple & Oat Milk,NDMA15413,TRUE,798,"Mamaearth Agent Apple Body Lotion for Kids with Apple & Oat Milk — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.",A lightweight lotion that provides long-lasting hydration and maintains skin softness. Absorbs quickly without a greasy finish and is suitable for daily use. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.,,,798,1000,800,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care",,Pack Size,400 ml (Pack of 2),"mamaearth-agent-apple-body-lotion-for-kids-with-apple-oat-milk-1.png, mamaearth-agent-apple-body-lotion-for-kids-with-apple-oat-milk-2.png, mamaearth-agent-apple-body-lotion-for-kids-with-apple-oat-milk-3.png",mamaearth-agent-apple-body-lotion-for-kids-with-apple-oat-milk-1.png,mamaearth-agent-apple-body-lotion-for-kids-with-apple-oat-milk-1.png
Mamaearth Deeply Nourishing Body Wash for Babies and Gentle Cleansing Shampoo Combo,NDMA15414,TRUE,950,"Mamaearth Deeply Nourishing Body Wash for Babies and Gentle Cleansing Shampoo Combo — gentle, effective, and suitable for daily use.","A mild and nourishing shampoo that cleanses the scalp without stripping natural oils. Formulated to reduce damage, improve hair texture, and leave hair soft and manageable. Free from harsh chemicals and dermatologically tested where applicable.",,,950,1000,800,25,25,1.4,1.4,17,Mamaearth,"Baby,Baby Skin Care",,Pack Size,400 ml (Combo of 2),"mamaearth-deeply-nourishing-body-wash-for-babies-and-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-combo-1.png, mamaearth-deeply-nourishing-body-wash-for-babies-and-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-combo-2.png, mamaearth-deeply-nourishing-body-wash-for-babies-and-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-combo-3.png",mamaearth-deeply-nourishing-body-wash-for-babies-and-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-combo-1.png,mamaearth-deeply-nourishing-body-wash-for-babies-and-gentle-cleansing-shampoo-combo-1.png
